Best budget phone of 2018. I absolutely love it and the camera is amazing and i think gold is so pretty.Delivery was even earlier than expected.I would recommend this phone to anyone out there looking for a great phone but doesn't have $1000 to spend on the latest flagships.
I was pleased with the prompt delivery. My kids enjoyed this game for a couple of days but it's now just a &#34;dust collector.&#34; I knew this would happen but this is what my kids asked for.
My granddaughter showed me this different type of pony.  I ordered this for my granddaughter for the holidays and I am sure she will be excited.  Very prompt delivery.
These dolls are the next hip things, high up on 2 of my grandchildren.  Fun to play with and intermix with the other dolls.  Great colors - looks fun.  Definitely recommend and prompt delivery.
Saying that upfront as there were some concerns earlier in reviews!  I am a travel nanny and see a wide variety of toys.  Recently I was a client with a two year old and they had the more expensive brand and I loved how he played with them for long stretches of time. I decided to get some for my 3.5 and 20 month old grandsons.  Decided to try this less expensive model as I liked the translucent colors and that it was a family business.  We opened them yesterday to give them something to play with as both sides had gathered in a rented house to celebrate holiday.  My 20 month did what I expected, spent fling stretches adjust stacking. Over and over, clapping for himself it got higher and higher!As a child educator there were several things I liked.  The main thing I ask is &#34;can this toy be used in various ways to keep it as a toy with long shelf life&#34;.  This toy goes the simple route--stacking--then with adult help with intricate designs. I also loved the video that showed how to do a lay down design and then pick up to fold into the tower!  So later, maybe a few years you can bring it back out for the older child to do more intricate designs.Do I think they hold up as well as the more expensive model? Having worked with both I can say both are great.  I didn't see much difference in the way they handled.Delivery was prompt and they followed up with an email asking if I was happy with product--always like customer service that goes the extra mile.  So far I am happy with products.
Great price, quality and delivery! A great gift for that tween in your life! Expect a great return when they weave you a beautiful colorful bracelet from this multitude of colors that, by the way, don't break when stretched!!
Box damaged in transit and never delivered and delivery cancelled by seller.  Never got item.  Bought same brand in store and my son was bored with it in no time flat.  He's just turned 6  and the tiles must be balanced carefully until you have a couple of sides - I recommend this type of block for 7 and up but not from this seller.
Fun product, timely delivery
I wish I would get fast delivery, Do do's delivery is hell slow like turtle.
I can't say enough good things about these speakers. This will be the third set in my house. Excellent base response, can't beat'em for video games. Realistic sounds/surround sound. Easy to hook up and fine tune if you want, or just leave with factory settings (still sounds great). Can't beat the bang (or "boom") for the buck. Delivery is astounding. Was at my door before I even got the email saying when it would arrive :)  My son spent about 3 times the cost of these speakers for something else and they don't sound anywhere as good as these ones do.Trust me.....buy them, you won't regret it! We've already recommended these to atleast 6 other people from around the country (fellow gamers) and not one has a bad word to say.
These speakers are a great buy.  I purchased them for use with my computer but decided to test them with my DVD player since I've been looking for a good home theater component system.  They sounded great (no surround, of course).  They also sound great with an iPod.  So I think I'll get the comparable Logitech surround system for the TV and use the Z-2300s with my computer.  Only complaint:  speaker & controller wires should be a couple of feet longer.  This was purchased from TigerDirect & the delivery service was excellent.
First of all, I ordered these speakers only two days ago and got them way before the estimated delivery date(two thumbs and two big toes up to amazon.com) I own other logitech products such as the "driving force pro force feedback steering wheel for GT4 so i knew the name was nothing to be skeptical with. That being said, I was still thrown for a loop when i pushed that power button.  All the controls are so simple with the wired remote(jeez, did apple design it?) The sound is just incredible covering an incrediblely wide dynamic range (very clearly i might add.)  The only concern that i could express is that the amp is so powerful that it is very possible to blow a speaker if turned up too loud, so just be careful if you like it loud.  Oh, and the blue LED power light is a nice touch...lol
I had these speakers hooked up within five minutes of the delivery guy dropping them on my deck.  Let me tell you, if you buy these speakers, you will not be sorry.  They are super easy to hook-up and are loud enough to seriously annoy your pesky neighbors.I found absolutely no cons with this system, only pros.Pros:1) Easy to install/plug and play2) Heavy/Well Made3) Sound Quality is Astounding4) Controls are convenient5) When cranked, no static, just good soundWhat more can I say?  It has all been said before and I thank every one of you who placed a review for these.  Ultimately, that is how I made my decision that these were the right speakers for me.
Had the product for only a day so durability is not part of my rating.Setup is pretty easy, just plug in your cables, and plug it in.  It appears to be fanless (at least I can't hear a fan), and the power supply is internal (no brick).  Speeds are Gigabit range from my informal file transfer tests.I am knocking one star off for the lack of documentation.  The only aggravation I have is that there is a switch on the bottom that is labled EEE+ that is not mentioned in the documentation.  After a bit of Googling I found some promotional materials for the device that seem ot indicate that this turns off some of the green power saving features.Delivery was silly fast, got it the next day using Amazon prime free shipping option.
I was pleased to be able to buy this via Amazon, for the convenience, fast delivery, and security of knowing a fast no-hassle replacement or return is a call away in the event of a problem. Best of all, there was no problem; --this was a plug and play to add ports to another D-Link DGS that was filled up.My only regret was that I didn't purchase this sooner, as by connecting it to our firewall, and splitting the network load between two switches, it seemed to speed up our entire network.
I've had this radar detector for a few weeks now and use it on a daily basis.  It has saved me quite a few times from a ticket when it went off to forewarn me of upcoming radar activity.  It seems to go off when there is activity.  Yes, there are many "false positives", but I'd prefer to err on the side of caution when it comes to it.  Overall, very satisfied with the purchase.Antonline is a good company to deal with too.  Fast delivery.Update years later:  As of 10/2013, this radar detector is still running strong!
just purchashed this  and was fast delivery and cant wait till weekend to hang from celing  will be looking around here for a good projector to replace my old one.
I bought this screen for occasional use for movie nights with a projector at my house.  There are some slight waves in the screen, which are to be expected from a pull down screen.  For the price, you really can't beat this.  Amazon even included White Glove delivery at no charge!  The screen makes a world of difference versus projecting on a wall or sheet.  The picture is much brighter and crisper.  I like the black case, too.
First, I should say that I did not end up getting this from Amazon. I ordered it from Amazon first, but the screen came damaged and I had to refuse delivery. Because that was the last one in stock at Amazon, I had no choice but to order form Buy.com.So with that said, I got my screen over a week ago and WOW. I am using the Epson 8500UB with a 13' 5" throw. First it comes in a really nice, stlyish case that the wife likes. Second, its just massive, at 135" your in local theater territory. I have the couch at 13' starting at where somones head would be on the couch and its very IMAX like. The gain on the screen is very good, I can watch during the day without an issue and thanks to the epson, I can even enjoy it with all the lights on. Blacks are good but don't expect miracles during the day.Overall, for $259, I got an incredible screen that I really love with only a couple small waves that I cant even see when the movie is playing. One tip is that as a manual screen, you may not be thinking about screen alignment. With an electric, you can program it to stop at a certain distance but with a manual its up to you to bring it down to the same level you had before. Because this screen has a black drop, you could overshoot. My cheap solution, was to take a piece of black tape and rap it around the pull string. When it hits the carpets as I pull it down, I know I'm at the right spot and stop pulling. Works every time and is wife tested.
I returned my second RioCarbon after 3 months.  It froze permently.  I was promised a replacement within 10 days. It is now  one month since I started the return process and still no replacment.  For weeks they coud no  find proof of delivery even though I had the proof in hand and gave them tracking numers.  I called numerous times and was often on hold for 15 minutes,  I was frequently escalated to higher ranking reps each whose compentency decreased as their title increased.  I was promised two day deliverybut at last contact am getting 7 day delivery- maybe.  I still do not have replacement in hand., I enjoyed the Rio Carbon when it worked.  I  actualy got 18 hours for my audible books.  It is a handsome piece with a good screen.  The service stinks.  The quality is marginal.  An IPOD for me next time.  It would make a good fishing lure.
Generally it is tough to review some things.  They either work or they do not, they are either as described, or they aren't.The cable is as it is.  Pretty much a standard RG6 cable that should take care of your cable or satellite feeds.  I would rate the cable itself as very good quality.  Insulation didn&#8217;t make it too stiff, but also gave me the feeling it would withstand average temperatures extremes.  The center core provides for a great connection between your antenna or feed horn and device.  I didn&#8217;t have a test set available to check for leakage or signal loss over 100&#8217;, but I didn&#8217;t notice any difference in picture.I will give the company an A+ for their customer service though.  I had ordered this cable, and the tracking number indicated it had been delivered 3 days later.  Problem was, it was not in my mailbox, nor was it where the postman would normally put a delivery if the box was full.  I contacted the company to report I believed it had been taken (stolen) out of my mailbox and to see what (if any) options I had available..I mean, who would want to make off with a 100&#8217; roll of COAX?  To my surprise they sent out another roll, no questions asked, and this time I made sure there were people looking out for it.Because of this customer service, I will be shopping with this merchant again.The only downside, if you want to call it that, was the fact they would NOT ship to an APO address.  I needed this cable to run between a satellite receiver and an entertainment center for the troops at a forward operating location in Afghanistan, and had to make use of a &#8216;go-between&#8217; to receive this for me, then reship it to me.  I was fortunate, there are people living at my location in the USA that were happy to assist me with this.  But I also know people over here that do NOT have that person that can help them out and are dependent of the APO / FPO system , and too many people and merchants think that when they are sending out to an APO (overseas) location, that they are going to get a HUGE international shipping fee, and that is not true.  An APO / FPO address is a domestic, &#8220;lower 48&#8221; destination address (example, things going to APO AE is for Europe, Asia, and other destinations are actually sent to JFK in Jamaica, New York), and it costs no more to mail an item to an APO or FPO address than it does to mail it to New York City, or San Francisco.  So remember that next time a serviceman contacts you asking if you can ship to an APO or FPO.  That is all they have and it is an insult when you don&#8217;t.
Received this product and after an easy install by using online diagrams the product works flawlessly. Have used Crucial products before and always a proper fit provided by their on line memory selector.Amazon provides the medium for ordering this product at the best price around and great delivery. Would recommend as my normal source of supply for anything electronic.Crucial 200-Pin SODIMM DDR2 PC2-5300 CL=5 Unbuffered NON-ECC DDR2-667 1.8V 256 Megx64 2 GBx2 4 GB Kit Memory Modules CT2CP25664AC667
Easy to remove old memory and install two new 1gb Crucial SODIMMS.  Very noticeable improvement in bootup, application loading, and processing speed, particularly application loading.  Side benefit may be in longer battery life.  Price and delivery were excellent; very good internet transaction.  5 stars with no hesitation.
The upgrade was desperately needed and these turned a slow dog into a zippy laptop...price, speed and delivery were perfect.
Great cable (works excellent for my PS3 - Sony Bravia 40XBR2 connection). Quick delivery too.
this set is awesome. great sound quality and the bass is HUGE. Amazon made an incredible 3-day delivery even on free shipping. Right On!!! never hessitate to get this set of speakers if you have the slightest chance. what's more, they're really nice looking.
These speakers are by far the best i've ever used.  Sound is crisp with zero distortions especially when coupled with a top of the line sound card such as any from the X-Fi series.  The control panel is solid and easy to use, delivery the user with a myriad of options to provide the best playback experience.These speakers are a must have, whether u r a gamer, music or movie enthusiast..they deliver the best experience to all types of listeners across all spectrums
All I can say about this unit is WOW.  The unit is heavy so make sure they deliver it to your door step. The instructions are very stright forward.  The wires are a little short if you are putting the speakers on the wall which is easy because of the swivel mounting. Twist it one was it works on the desk or twist it the other way and it mounts on the wall.I bought some extra wire from Radio Shack. I wanted to use white wire so it didn't show up coming down the wall. The easy way to keep the wires stright is to put a piece of masking tape on the end of each wire with the location of the speaker, ie RR(right rear), LF(left front) etc. I tried some heaver wire but found there was not that much difference in the sound quality. I didn't try shielded wire because of the cost and I don't hear any interference with regular wire. The rest of the setup is pretty stright forward.  Just plug the wires in the back in the correct place that are marked. Make sure about the correct color speaker wires to the correct terminals.  The way I have used the remote is on line of sight to a distance of about 20 ft. You may be able to get more distance.The sound is as good I could ever imagine it would be. You can adjust the Center speaker to hear stronger vocals or turn up the surround to bring a more balance sound where you are sitting. If you really want to make thunder turn up the sub and listen to the windows rattle. Just make sure it is not to close,(two foot minimum) to your monitor, computer, TV, or any games or DVD,s. The magnet is strong and heavy. The worst thing about this unit so far has been that I can't get the optical 5.1 to work with my computer.This is the second time I have had really quick delivery service from Amazon.  I ordered this unit on a Wednesday and it was here on Friday using regular shipping.
Delivery was ahead of time and I received the X-530 5.1 in Excellent condition.The sound is Great for 70 watts. I purchased a set of X-530s back in 2002 but you could not hag them on the wall. They went to Charity last year with the old PC. These speakers (530s) are replacing my Z-5500 LogiTech system which are hooked up to the TV now. If your PC has RealTek sound Software, you will have to ASSIGN each speaker in that situp for them to work Independently from each other or you may end up with only 2 speakers and Sub playing. This will be the case for ALL Multi speaker systems with more than 2 speakers if you have RealTek software. And Thank you Big Time Bowster Man for the 530s.
If you buy this service plan, print out the contract (found at the top of this page) and keep your receipt. I did not purchase the plan, but looked over the contract intensely since I nearly got it.Some notes on the contract:1. It is only good in the United States (including Washington, DC, but MINUS MAINE), but it does not include Guam, Virgin Islands, etc. So if you are in another country or outside the 50 states + D.C., this contract will be nothing but a waste of money.2. This contract is transferable and the directions to do so are simple.3. They will only fix/replace/etc IF the manufacturing warranty no longer covers the item. That is, if the manu. warranty is still good, you have to use it.4. If the item needs to be shipped, shipping/handling will only be covered if the manufacturer would cover those costs in their warranty period. If the item is being replaced, "You will be responsible for the delivery or cost of delivery of the covered Product to Our authorized service center. Reimbursement will be issued in the form of a check payable to You." I'm uncertain if that means you cover those costs or they reimburse you.5. No lemon policy of 3 service repairs for the SAME defect, and a upon the time of a 4th repair, as determined by them, they will "replace it with a product of comparable performance. Repairs performed while the Product is under manufacturer's warranty DO NOT APPLY." (Doesn't sound like a great no lemon policy... your product would have to breakdown in the same way 4 times in the number of years they cover you -- many electronics are typically already covered by the manufacturer for 1 year.)6. There are numerous conditions that they will not repair for, but they all sound typical of such plans (such as, they don't cover accidents and they don't cover "the elements or acts of God" ... sorry, I had to note that second one since it stuck out to me from the other things). But, in all seriousness, read the list before you purchase.So, now that I have summarized much of the contract, if you want to get the service warranty, PLEASE READ THE CONTRACT SINCE I DIDN'T COVER EVERYTHING!!! (Don't hold me liable since I don't have much money anyways.) Also, I think this is typical in warranty contracts, but you will occassionally see the phrase "at our discretion" in the contract.Assuming they aren't jerks with their discretion and aren't too tough to deal with, I would give the warranty 4 stars (minus 1 star for the crappy lemon policy). I didn't get the coverage because the product I was going to get it for had just made into the next price category (so it was pricy for my product, being at the lower price end of the plan category).
These are good to have on hand. What with all the electronics people have now days, I'm sure the power strips are jammed with those BIG plugs that take up so much space there isn't any room for another of the same type. So, these extensions allow one to use a space that was otherwise unusable. Good purchase, good price, too. On time delivery made the whole deal great!
Almost in any house behind computer, under desk or behind TV we see an armada of power bars lining up because too many devices have that cubic power supply that takes over 2 plugs for each.With this 5 pack of 1 foot extension power cord I reduced 7 power bars to 2 So if we do the math an average of $20.00 per power bar I saved $100.00I give it 5 stars because it's only $10.00 per pack it does the job perfectly, everything nice and tidy and delivery was only 48 hours.So if you are running out of plugs on your power bar think twice before rushing for another power bar.
This combination, especially at the price, offer a great value way to protect your camera investment. The battery is a welcome addition as having a spare is a safeguard.  I have found the need to use the spare on occasion when unable to get to an electrical outlet.  The battery performs exactly as does the original equipment Leica one and so is excellent.  I recommend this combination to D lux 4 users.  I purchased through Amazon.com as they offer the best selection, prices and delivery.
great price,fast delivery,easy to install what more could you want.the only way i will buy it some ware else is if its out of stock.
Now I have a spared projection lamp for my Sony TV, for a great price and prompt delivery.
For a number of years now, I have been impressed with Behringer as a pro-audio maker of reliable and very affordable equipment.  And this amp is no exception. Its build quality is quite high and with no fan to whine and whiz, I am using it for my home office stereo. Speaker connectors are hefty and solid. No flimsy parts.Oh yes, sound is clean without any pops or otherwise unwanted noise. At around $200, it is truly a bargain and excellent buy. Packed snugly in its own box (with manual), Amazon encased it in another box for safe delivery.  Good job!
Watch out for the Free Ship option if you live in a rural area or off the beaten path. Crucial will NOT ship their memory to a PO Box that's the first hurdle. MOST BUSINESSES HAVE A PO BOX FOR THEIR MAIL!!  Then when you elect free shipping its Not delivered by UPS like you expect.It is delivered sometimes by the USPS.  Then the USPS may not forward the package either. Causing your package to be even further delayed. It is a UPS service called UPS Innovations which is actual slower  (and cheaper for them then the US Postal service) It requires you wait 7-12 Business days for delivery  and if your address can't be accessed by the Postal service they will return the memory back to Crucial which means you may wait another 7-12 business days for the return , that time period uses up your free 30 day return without getting stuck with a RMA  25% restocking fee.  All because you chose the free "shipping" which is actually a mailing service. On the web reviews of UPS Innovations service run at a 90% FAILURE RATE.Word to the wise. One of my businesses is  in  less then an urban environment , And we caught H**L getting UPGRADED memory for our computers its been 12 business days on their SCREWUP of choosing the service & calling it "shipping" its NOT shipping. The UPS , Fedex people deliver to my business 3 times per week with no problems.Now the memory is Ok memory don't get me wrong  if your order it & ask for delivery to  a Major city. Other then that your better off paying for shipping, this adds to the price but at least you won't go through what we did.
The Casio Exilim I received was broken upon delivery.  I was unable to take a single picture and as I had purchased it to take on a cruise and paid extra to have it mailed in two days, it was a complete disaster.To add to the difficulty, when we called the company to return it, they said there would be a 20% restocking fee.Needless to say, as a person who purchases many items from Amazon, I was terribly disappointed in the purchase and the poor customer service by Expo Electronics. a company that Amazon utilizes as a vendor.
I Got this from Adorama via Amazon, along with what I considered to be a bare essentials kit for this beginner on a $1,500 budget:Canon EF 50mm f1.4 USM Medium Telephoto Lens for Canon SLR Cameras,Sandisk Ultra II CompactFlash Card 2GB, extra batteryCanon BP511A 1390mAh Lithium Ion Battery Pack for Select Digital Cameras and Camcorders, a couple of filters,Slik Professional Universal Deluxe Tripod with 3-Way Panhead and Panoramic Photo Guide,Lowepro Topload Zoom 2 - Holster bag ( for camera ) - TXP, TXP ripstop - black, navy blue,Domke J-803 Digital Satchel Camera Bag, Canvas, Black.... Great price, great delivery; I had not taken into consideration that the tripod would be as heavy and bulky as it is (not a con though), which added to the delivery price, but that's my fault.What made me take the plunge was a combination of the lower price once the 40D was out; research which led me to better appreciate the value of a good lens first, a good camera second; and the fact that the Canon Rebel line never felt right in my (6 feet tall) hands.First impressions? Swoon... It had been a long time since I had been wowed by anything electronic - computers lower one's expectations by that much, I guess. What I appreciate and will be obvious to any pro:- It feels like a well made quality product; great ergonomics, if a tad heavy;- It takes the picture "right now" with the manual modes, which is a major reason why you would buy this instead of a "point and (eventually) shoot";- You can unleash your creativity by fiddling with the dozens of parameters; I just read Ken Rockwell's excellent online tutorial and feel like I've been liberated: I'm getting the type of pictures I want after only a couple of days of playing with it.My main concern was getting blurry pictures because of my somewhat shaky hands; the combination of a fast lens and tinkering with shutter speeds and exposure has saved the day.Does the 40D do more things? Sure. Is it better? Not until you are able to master the endless combinations this amazing camera affords; only then does it begin to make sense, for a beginner at least.
Canon EOS 30D, Bill Dubovsky, SI Business Trends, Bits & Bytes, Jan, 2007.Did You Know? Higher-end SLR (single lens reflex) digital cameras are now getting more affordable and user friendly...they're not just for professionals anymore. This month I will review the technology behind the digital SLR and specifically the performance of the Canon EOS 30D, about $1,300 with standard zoom lens.What is it? SLRs or single lens reflex digital cameras are becoming even more popular as their costs decrease. Once a replacement for film cameras for professional photographers, many digital SLRs can be purchased from about $500 and up. Some popular makes are: Nikon, Olympus, Canon, Pentax, Sony and even Kodak. According to market researcher NPD Group Inc, a digital SLR has an average holiday price of about $942. Baby boomers, brought up with film SLRs are flocking to the digital mode as they can afford the newer cameras and appreciate the difference in quality and performance.Digital SLRs create better photos for a number of reasons, including the larger size of the sensor (collects more light, faster and more accurate - especially in low light situations) and are much better in taking action shots. The superior optical quality of the larger lenses is also a major factor in getting crystal clear photos.The Canon EOS-30D, has 8-megapixel resolution and a 2.5 inch LCD, and it shoots continuously at 5 frames per second with a 30-shot buffer, so you don't miss the action shots of your kids, sports or wildlife. It's not too bulky or heavy and has good hand feel and balance. It provides good high-sensitivity photos which are crisp and not grainy and has image stabilization which reduces blur when using extended zoom.How it works: Folks with compact digital cameras know the frustration of shutter lag and the inability to frame your pictures accurately through the small LCD screen. Typically compact digital cameras take the photo a fraction of a second or so after you snap, often missing the action you wanted to capture. It's also hard to frame and focus with the smaller cameras smaller LCDs. With SLRs, you view the action directly through a viewfinder and actually look through the lens via a mirror that moves up when you press the shutter button. You get what you see. The viewfinder is also a blessing when you are in a bright light situation where the image on an LCD is hard to see due to glare.Other benefits to the advanced amateur include: saving film costs and not dealing with chemicals if you used to develop or print your own photos. If you choose to do your own printing and editing, there are many good programs that allow you to do some impressive work right on your Windows or Mac computer.In the past you would have to take and develop a whole role of film to see if you got the right shot. With digital photography, you can just take as many photos as you'd like and delete all except the "keepers." You won't have to pay for, or keep a large inventory of poor photos as you only keep and print the good ones. Unlike film, digital CF memory doesn't go out of date, and can hold hundreds of photos before you have to download them to your computer.What you need: Besides buying the camera kit, which should include the standard 18mm-55mm zoom lens, buy extra CF memory card. Most cameras don't come with a memory card. Additional accessories may include a heavier duty flash and/or a better quality lens. You will probably need a Mac or Windows XP computer with a USB slot for downloading the photos from the camera. The Canon comes with software for both Windows and MAC that is quite good and easy to use. While I have used the Canon software, I prefer to use iPhoto on the Mac.How to get it: Be careful about buying on-line. I saw a great deal on the Canon and bought it. I then had to call a number for delivery options and they told me I had to buy the battery charger for an extra cost (which would have brought the total price up to what everyone else was selling it for). I declined and asked them to send me exactly what was on the product description on their website. After much going back and forth, they told me they couldn't fulfill the order - they were out of the ones without the battery charger! I "Googled" the online company and found quite a list of disgruntled buyers - apparently they pull this routine all the time. Lesson learned - check out the on-line company before you spend any time with them. I immediately cancelled my order with them and bought the camera locally with no problem. You can watch for sales and rebates at consumer electronics stores for good deals or check with camera stores. Sometimes the camera is sold "body only" and you need to purchase the lens separately. This is good if you want to purchase a specific, upgraded lens of your choice.How hard is it to use? The automatic mode is very simple. You can learn to use in 10 minutes or less. The manual settings require a bit of reading and playing, but you can get some awesome results. The combination of digital photography and photo editing software are a great match.Findings: Not surprisingly, I love it. I have been an amateur photographer from my college days and grew up using Nikon and Nikomat 35 mm film SLRs. While they are heavy and clumsy by today's standards, they took great photos, mostly because of the control you had over shutter speed and f-stop as well as the great Nikor lenses. I find you can get the same control (if you choose) from the Canon EOS-30D along with a wide variety of Canon and other lenses. While the Canon EOS-30D is about the same size as the older film SLRs, it is much lighter. This camera has made me retire my film cameras.Pros: Convenience; not having to buy and store film, lighter camera, getting what you see, ease of use, professional results. The Canon EOS-30D also came highly recommended by my professional photographer friends. While I have been partial to Nikon, the earlier digital SLR models seemed to have had some mechanical defects, which took time to repair. However, I have not heard of any major shortcomings with the major SLR manufacturers' new models.Cons: Cost. They are more expensive than compact or viewfinder cameras. They are heavier and bulkier than compact cameras. You'll want accessories such as: additional or better quality lenses, heavy-duty flash, gadget bags, tripods and a host of other attachments. It's too big to keep in your pocket or purse to use for snap shots. I have also found the built-in flash to be weak - only good to about 10 feet. Good enough for snap shots. An upgraded professional quality Canon flash is about a $400 accessory.Bottom-line: In general, I am very happy with the feel, performance and results from the Canon EOS-30D and would recommend it to any serious amateur photographer.For more information: See the January 2007, Consumers Reports or Google for more information and user's comments. You can contact Bill Dubovsky at billdubovsky@gmail.com with your feedback, experiences and questions. As always, check with www.Amazon.com for user feedback and good, reputable deals.
The first use for this HD camcorder was to record for an hour total of childbirth and bringing the baby home.  Lighting varied from dim in labor/delivery to bright in ordinary rooms and of course outdoors.  The first material went into iMovie and then to iDVD and produced top-quality HD images on a 50-inch screen.Some people worry about low-light performance.  Yes, it is dim and grains out slightly in very low light.  Check the Hollywood movies or TV journalism when they are using ambient, low light without hidden "fill" lighting.  What do you expect for $1,050????  (Down $50 from when we got it.)Highly recommended.  Wait for the inevitable new one if you must, but strongly consider this one at that time as its price should fall below $1,000.
I check around for this item the price  from amazon is unbeatable, the delivery is also good. the lense works very very good. it meets all my expectations.
wonderful camera. picture quality is very gud. I clicked thousands of pics and i didnt had any complaints. My brother took it from me when i visited him. Now I am planning to buy one more. Preview screen is also nice. Video quality is also wonderful.In all excellent product from kodak. i bought it from amazon. I had bought so many things ranging from memory card to notebook from amazon and i admire them. Delivery is gud n safe.
Dogs are wonderful prognosticators when it comes to an impending knock on the door.  Their only shortcoming on this front, really, is that they are limited in their ability to let you know who approaches.  I've often been at work in some part of the house, typing away on my laptop, only to have a knock at the door derail my train of thought.  Is it a delivery person dropping off a parcel?  Perhaps a neighbor with a particular need or request, maybe it's a local kid selling for some fund raiser.  I want to answer these knocks.  But the carpet cleaning service trying to drum up business, or the friendly but somewhat sinister old ladies trying to sell their own version of the afterlife to me, or the relatively creepy guy that wants to sell frozen meat from the back of his shabby non-descript truck?  I mean, sometimes I just have better things to do.I've wanted a camera system for a number of years.  It's one of those things where I would do some internet searches, read some reviews, browse around here on Amazon - but never saw the right time to take a leap.  I wanted something that would integrate with my home network.  I didn't just want a little dedicated monitor somewhere hooked up to a VCR, I wanted to be able to access the feed from any of my home computers, and ideally, over the internet.  I didn't want to pay a monthly service fee, I wanted a range of camera options that included interior, exterior, and ideally some ability to see in the dark.  Most of all, I wanted something that would be well designed and reliable.  Wilife seemed to meet all of these requirements, so when the opportunity to try it out presented itself, I finally took the leap.Things seemed to go pretty smoothly right out of the box.  I mounted the camera with the provided suction cup on to a front facing window (ultimately I'd end up using the supplied hard mount to fix a better angle), ran the cable from that down to the supplied adapter set into a nearby outlet.  By my desktop which serves as a print and file server for the other laptops, I plugged in the other wall outlet, and ran the USB cable provided from that to the computer.  After installing the software and registering for the free online access to the feeds, it did a quick search, and suddenly I had a live view of my front yard before me on the monitor.  I tweaked a few settings (went up to the maximum 15fps setting, and the highest resolution at 640x480), turned the lens just a bit to provide sharper focus, and everything looked terrific.The Wilife control panel allows you to adjust recording sensitivity.  Out of the box, when someone walked down the sidewalk on the other side of the street, it didn't record.  Just to test it, I pulled the slider to the top of the 100 point scale.  Now it would record when birds flew by.  I took it down to the bottom, and even cars passing on the street didn't trigger it.  I left it around 65 ultimately, which would pick up people or animal movement in my front yard, cars in the street, but not much else across the street.  I found the slider to have a full range of sensitivity, rather than the "all or nothing" I've read about with similar products.We were delighted, everything seemed to be fine, right up until I needed to send a document to the shared printer.  No dice.  When you plug everything in, a new network connection is created on your computer.  All the data is passing through your electrical wires, which is why you can't plug the adapters into surge protectors and the like.  Then it comes out through the outlet, passes through the USB cable into your computer, all within its own little network with its own IP address range.  For 99% of those who buy and use this product, I think that's all going to work brilliantly.  My network setup is a little more complicated.  This desktop already had 3 adapters.  Two wired, one wireless.  Two networks converged at this point, one providing internet access.  For whatever reason, the presence of the new USB adapter was preventing other computers in the same workgroup from accessing the shared resources.  I contacted tech support over email, sent them diagnostics generated from the Wilife control center, and we tried disabling a variety of things that could have been interfering.  After not having any luck in that direction, they sent me an ethernet bridge.  During this time I could either have my camera up, or shared resource access to that machine - but not both.  Upon receipt (which was literally the next day in this case), I disconnected the USB cable from the desktop and the plug to which it was connected.  I plugged in the new adapter, and ran a standard network cable from it to my router.  Instantly the camera came back to life, and we discovered that we could once again access the shared resources on the desktop.  Problem fixed by the responsive, friendly, and entirely thorough staff - a wholly positive tech support experience that, quite frankly, I'm just not accustomed to.  As the old saying goes though; your mileage may vary.The same holds true depending on the relative power and speed of the computer you intend to run the control center on.  Handling a 640x480 video stream at 15fps can task some older computers.  Multiply that out across a few cameras, add the recording function which goes on and off dynamically (and/or by a scheduler you set), and you're apt at some point to start seeing some stutters on the live playback.  I can't speak to anyone else's system but my own, but on a two or three year old desktop running an AMD64 processor at 2.2GHz with 1GB of RAM, the only time I notice a hiccup on live playback is when the recorder is kicking in, and I don't see the same when I review the recorded output.  I'm at the highest possible visual quality settings, I imagine if I went up to 3 or 4 cameras, I might have to bring the settings down a bit -- but for the time being, it's smooth sailing even while that machine also streams audio out to theLogitech Squeezebox Duet Network Music System, handles regular and generally large print queues, as well as limited browser function.For now, we couldn't be happier with the system.  Well we could - we want aWilife DLC810E LukWerks Outdoor Add-on Camerato watch the back yard so we can keep tabs on the dogs when they want to run around by themselves for a bit.  Maybe another one to watch the garage and the part of the driveway we can't see with this one.  That's the point.  We are so pleased, that we only want to expand.  I'm not sure we'll get up to the six camera maximum that the system supports, but I definitely hope to be writing a review about an additional outdoor camera in the near future.  If, like me, you've wanted a system like this for some time, but just haven't seen one worth pulling the trigger - this may well be the one you've been waiting for.  It is for me, and this appears to be another home run for Logitech.Update:In the past month, this camera caught damage happening to a package which might have otherwise represented a difficult dispute, caught some local kids setting fire to a few bags of lawn waste (odd one, that), and gives us advance warning whenever something is about to be delivered, or a guest is approaching otherwise unannounced.  We love our LukWerks.
Fast delivery, well packaged, very convenient product. Most of small appliances come with bulky power adapters to convert from 110 or 220 to 12v DC or similar.  The problem with power strips is that the can only receive 2 or 3 maximum of these bulky power adapters.  This is where the squid saves the day...!
This unit has been in use on a delivery truck for going on 2 years and still works like a charm. It was giving me fits while it was hooked up to the back-up lights, always changing inputs. So I cut the wire and it stays on all the time now.
Works well. Flexible and easy to wind and unwind without kinking. No drop-out or degradation in audio signal delivery. Jacks seat solidly and are a breeze to connect and disconnect.
This box sounds great, especially for the price!  I have an 1100 watt 10"Sony Xplod that I bought new for $28 and this box sounds awesome.  I have it in a Mitsubishi eclipse hatchback and its fits pretty good but leaves little room for anything else.  Overall, great purchase and fast delivery.
this is my first review and proud to say VISTA SALES1 did great i placed the order on the 11th and said it would be shipped between the 12th-13th and they shipped it out the the 12th and delivery estimate was 16th-3rd but it arrived on the 16th so from CA to NJ great delivery time and price so i'm giving VISTA SALES1 a 4 out of 5 stars only because of the product description it lacked the fact that it is compatible with all docking ipods and not i quote "Compatible with any iPod with a dock connector--including the iPod nano 1G, iPod nano 2G, iPod mini, iPod 3G, iPod 4G (Click Wheel), iPod color, and iPod 5G/5.5G Video"and i even e-mailed VISTA SALES1 twice but wasnt able to give the info i was asking for and that's if it works with the 120gb classic because i've seen it referred as a 6 generation video so i end up typing the product in google and found that it works for all docking ipods and it does it works very wonderfully very easy to use just read the manual just once and you know all the ins and outs of it but overall i love it the reason i got the Kensington 33169 Digital FM Radio and Transmitter for iPods is because i like listening to wendy williams experience on 107.5fm wbls so i always wanted an ipod but i knew it didn't have a fm radio (which is a flaw in ipods) but i really like the classic because of it's capacity so i planed to get a fm tuner so i can listen to wendy on the go and a bonus it's a fm transmitter so no wires in the car which is great so thank you VISTA SALES1 and AMAZON for making my new ipod classic 120gb almost complete (waiting for a shade)
The stereo headphones are comfortable, awesome sound, awesome long cord. The adjustable volume is great when watching movies, videos and listening to music. The padding over the ears and head are nice and soft. I highly recommend them. The seller was quick to ship and delivery was fast.
Correct product, good price, quick delivery - ?hat more can I say?
First the good.  Overall I am happy with my 61" Samsung DLP.  Price for picture size is hard to beat.  Level of detail in 1080P is incredible (even though almost all HD sources are 1080i tops - except if you use HD DVD or Blue Ray).  Lots of inputs including two HDMI, components, USB, PCI, etc.  Should be "future proof" for a while.Now the bad.  This is my third Samsung HL-SXX87W TV.  The first was a HL-S5687W which had great geometry (no pin-cushioning or screen bowing) but had the dreaded smudges behind the screen.  Since it was only a day old I had the local deal I bought it from (not Amazon even though they had the best price) exchanged it for a new one.  I did not want a technician replacing the screen on a brand new TV.  So the store did replace it with another, new 5687W.  I plugged it in, looked it over (smudges were most noticeable on a dark or black background) and was satisfied.  No smudges!Trouble was I later notice that this new set had some bowing of the picture (like an hourglass) when watching 4:3 aspect programming.  Samsung says that less than 1/4" is considered normal on their website and I was close to that number.  But it was an annoyance and i did not remember seeing it on my first set.  I called Samsung who sent a technician.  He claimed he had not seen this before and swapped out the light engine which made no difference.  So Samsung agreed to send me ANOTHER set.  At least my customer experience with Samsung has been excellent.Well, Samsung called me a week later to review the delivery of the new 56" DLP.  I asked them if it was possible to "trade up" to the 61".  They said for another $270 they would deliver the HL-S6187W.  So I agreed, paid the additional money, and scheduled the delivery.  I figured I would never have the chance again to go larger until this one died so I went for it!  :)About two weeks later the delivery company took away my 56" and brought in the new 61" set.  Wow, it was bigger than I thought!  The first week I started to think i made a mistake going to 61" (I sit about 12 feet from the set) but soon I became accustomed to the larger screen and was very happy.  However, I did notice pin cushioning on this set too, and it is even more noticeable the larger the set.  I called Samsung and the same technician came.  He looked it over and decided that one of the internal clasps at the bottom was not holding correctly and that is why the screen was a little hourglass like.  I also experienced a slight upward curving in letterbox mode towards the bottom of the screen.  In fact, if I would watch ESPN or any program with a ticker at the bottom, you could see where the bottom ticker woudl curve upwards a quarter in or so two thirds the way on the screen from left to right.  When the technician pushed on the top right corner of the TV, the bottom adjusted itself close to "normal".Samsung scheduled to replace the entire back of the set (plastic housing) but I finally decided to cancel that.  I did not want a new set to be ripped apart and replaced.  I wiggled the set a bit, gave it a push there and a pull here, and it is close to perfect.  A month later it is still good to me.  I still have the pin cushioning on the sides in 4:3 but it I am the only one in the family who watches in that format.  The kids expand the picture to fill the whole screen.  I decided not to tempt fate again, and kept the set I received.Now, the reasons for only 4 stars:1.  Obviously because I needed to go through 3 sets and it still is not "perfect".2.  I can see the dreaded rainbows (RBE) that these sets are known to have.  Only a small percentage of the population experiences this but once you see it, it is hard to no longer notice.  If you look at a high contrast image on a dark background and move your head, you can see what appears to be a trailing rainbow around the image.  Perfect example is white movie credits on a black background.  In most showrooms they have the sets so bright with the showroom so bright you may not realize you are susceptible to RBE.  I did not know until a day after viewing the original 56" DLP.  Thankfully I am getting more used to it and no one else in the family sees them.  This is not really a Samsung issue - I understand this is common for all DLP sets.  But if you are susceptible to this phenomenon you should avoid DLPs.In summary, overall I am satisfied with my 61" Samsung.  While it still in not what I consider perfect, based on the picture quality in High Definition, the size of the screen, and the price it is a hard combination to beat.  I use Cablevision as my cable provider and the HD channels are spectacular!  If I were to do it all again I might not choose DLP (only because of RBE) but plasma and LCD have their own issues.  Now that I have my HL-S6187 I would be hard pressed to get rid of it.
I received this DLP TV a few months ago and have had plenty of time to experience it.  I haven't had any serious problems, the shipping process was painless- the shippers called me to schedule a delivery time making it easy to work with my schedule, and the quality of the TV has been outstanding.  It's a huge projection TV and the HD channels come in as good as they possibly can.  Hooked up to my XBOX 360, the quality is amazing.  I had no troubles taking advantage of the full 1080p.  Finally, hooking up my laptop to the TV was easy to do and gave amazing quality as well.The only downside that I experienced, which I'm not sure where the problem lies, but I have COX cable in my area, and while using their On Demand feature, I noticed the TV will turn itself off automatically after some time goes by.  Almost as if it is detecting idle time and shutting down.  But only seems to happen with the On Demand feature.  Not really a show stopper.
This TV is as good as people say it is.  A few comments:  delivery intervals and experience must vary by location -- mine was okay, just 2 days late; the price is right -- compared with Best Buy & Circuit City as of December 06.  I like the relatively light weight of this TV -- I had to hire 2 Guatamalans off the street to get the old 40 inch Mitsubishi down the stairs and to the dump.  The size and picture quality are impressive -- coming from a 50 inch plasma as my main TV.Considering the cost and good picture, this TV compares well with my Pioneer plasma.  Just know that there are considerable differences.  The plasma picture is better -- move close in on each one and you will see the shortcomings of the dlp that are much less perceptible at a reasonable distance.  The viewing angle of the plasma is not a factor, whereas if you move far enough to either side (or up & down) on the dlp the picture is out of range.  For typical installs this should not be a problem, just don't expect to mount this TV over the fireplace and have good viewing.  Room lighting is also less a factor with plasma than dlp.  The plasma will show through well in bright light -- the dlp less so.  Finally, maintenance should also be less with the plasma as half-life of the picture is reportedly 30 years.  This dlp comes with instructions on replacing the lamp.  They're not specific on how often -- I'm sure it varies with use and environment.  So, the plasma is my main TV, but this is a great 2nd TV for less than 1/3 the price!
Hey, want to let you know how pleasantly amazed and impressed my family and friends are with this HDTV.  The color, sharpness and contrast are awesome.  The only downside to it are the speakers.  They sound teeny in relationship with the large screen, but for a TV of this type I connected it to my stereo system (VERY EASY TO DO) and I get very respectable sound too.  The TV is very light (compared to the monster Sony 53" it replaced) All in all, I am 100% satisfied.  Delivery was prompt and the driver was very helpful.
I bought this as a backup to the memory card that was given to me when I bought my Nikon D40x.  However, with the right settings, I can take close to 1000 pictures (JPEG format), so I am currently using it as my primary card.  I bought it through Amazon from Digital Media Outlet and it came on time as promised.  Nikon also recommends the SanDisk (among others) memory card for the Nikon.Updated April 4, 2008 - I ordered a 2nd card from Digital Media Outlet this past Wednesday and it arrived in my mailbox the following Saturday.  What fast delivery!
This is a slow card because it is not a 2.0 so as long as you know that ahead of time it should be okay.  The delivery and packaging were good.
Quick delivery, and works perfectly!
This adapter fits my LG phone perfectly, I could use my mp3 headphone to listen music. I highly recommend this product and seller, delivery was quick and item came in good condition, excellent!
The charger looks nice and tiny, I can carry it while I am traveling. Unlike others, mine one keeps working and I guess it is fine. So I rated as 5 stars, fast delivery!
Got this tripod for a travel workation that I had coming up. First, although I paid for a 2-day delivery, it arrived after 8 days so I couldn't take it on my trip. (The vendor, on complaining however, refunded the difference between the regular shipping and the standard shipping rates.)The tripod itself is very lightweight and so suitable for pocket digital cameras weighing maybe less than 200gm or about half a pound. Since the product description did not mention this limit I ordered it for my Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ28, a slightly heavier camera. The tripod had difficulty maintaining position - specially if the legs were wound around a pole or a banister. The head would just droop in a couple of seconds rendering it completely worthless for my use. I just wish the vendor would have clarified this in their product description so that I hadn't wasted my time and money purchasing this product.
Bought this for my home office. I've had this now right around a month and it as expected works fine so far. I needed a new surge protector after my last one needed to be replaced that I had for 10 years. The product is as described by Belkin and I would recommend buying this unit! And kudos to Amazon as you can't beat the price and the fast delivery convenience!
Just bought this to accommodate all the gadgets hooked up to our new &#34;Smart&#34; t.v.  We like its compact design, and the price and delivery system from Amazon can't be beat.
Don't get me wrong, when I saw it having 6 plugs, and basing the item on being a wall mount, I thought it would plug into BOTH plugs in the wall, but the pictures did not show the back side of this item.  It ONLY plugs into the first outlet in the wall, so you are drawing 6 outlets from ONE wall outlet.  It IS a great item, but due to drawing, and using 6 items on ONE outlet, this can be dangerous.  The negativeness does NOT go to the seller, it goes to the company that made it!!  For the seller......I would buy from them again!!  They sent my packages fast, and efficient, if I needed this item any faster, it would have been there, as it was received by me a little over a week earlier than the date stated for delivery!! Thank you, I WILL buy from you in the future if you have something else I would need. And to those that are looking for stuff from this seller, they are worth buying from, fast and efficient!! Only reason for losing one star is due to the maker of the item, NOT the seller.
Ordered two.  One DOA, promptly replaced by Amazon - amazing service, replaced with next day delivery even before returned unit got to UPS.  These are a commodity item.  Cheap capacitors - these boards have only five of these unreliable parts versus others that have seven or more, which I take to be a good thing.  Won't last forever but inexpensive and the ones that work at all do so as advertised.  Realtek 8169SC chip.
It works like it's supposed to. Seems like the audio quality is a bit better than from the headphone jack. No complaints. Build quality is fine. Price was cheap and delivery was quick. A decent piece of gear.
I bought this product mainly to protect my lens with an UV Filter. Turned out to be very useful, and very easy to install. Doesn't come with any instruction, and would say you donot need it. Although the viewfinder gets obstructed by the use of this conversion lens adapter, but pictures will be unaffected. Delivery by amazon was good but the super saver shipping takes quite a bit of time.
I love this little bag! Mainly because of the color!! My camera fits perfectly inside. It's easy to access it through the drawstring top. Great price and quick delivery.
I purchased my Canon SD770is camera with the Canon case.  Within 24 hours, I was researching for a better case for my needs.  After my research, I went online and purchased aCase Logic UNZ-2 Small Universal Pocket with Screen Protection (Blue/Silver)case.  Simply, the Canon case is very bulky and I buy the Powershots for their function and their size.  I want a case that I can easily put in my pocket and hardly realize that it is there.  I absolutely love my Case Logic case.  The inside has one side that is specifically designed to protect the LCD screen.  And, at the price you get this case for, you can't afford not to buy this Case Logic neoprene case with screen protection.  TheCase Logic UNZ-2 Small Universal Pocket with Screen Protection (Blue/Silver)ships from X-treme Geek.  Let me add that X-treme Geek is awesome, delivery and customer satisfaction.Updated April 27,2010:I love this case for my Canon even more than I did before I wrote the above review.
Disappointed. I ordered with 2-day delivery, the package came on time but inside was the wrong item: I received cheap sony headphones for seven bucks instead of the MDR-71. when I requested to have the correct item overnighted, the answer was that if I place the order today (Thursday 4 PM EST) it will not arrive until Monday! they claimed it was tool late for overnight (at 4 PM... give me a break), and they don't deliver on Saturday. What a joke. That's what you get when you buy online instead of a real store like CC which has unbelievable good service.
As advertised & fast delivery.It's a very handy kit that includes a wall & cigarette lighter adapter, USB for use with a computer and works with most MP3 players. The price is great too!
Everything I ordered regarding the Ipod accessories works very well and the delivery was excellent.  Thank you.
Great little drive for moving data between computers.  Price was very good and delivery was fast.  Highly recommended!
I just bought a Cannon T3i camera. I needed to get a SDHC card on a budget. Not only was the price right. But I got my order in less than 2 days. Which tells me this company appreciate my time. Thank you for a fast delivery and an affordable product!
bought in June 2010 ..have been using the 16gig class 6  card withPanasonic Lumix DMC-ZS7 12.1 MP Digital Camera with 12x Optical Image Stabilized Zoom and 3.0-Inch LCD (Silver)no problems to date .. works in still & video modes ..also been using with HD video cameraPanasonic HDC-TM700K Hi-Def Camcorder with Pro Control System & 32GB Flash (Black)no problems to date ..when i ordered this the frustration package was approx $1 more then retail .. i ordered this on a friday for overnight Sat delivery because i was leaving for Trinidad on sunday AM ..At 2pm Sat i called fedex to ask when would it be delievered ? they could not find the package .. 4PM  Fedex called me, they found the package in their conveyer system = they said the package was too small( note: ship package was approx 1/2 the size of pic shown here on Aug 28, 2010 ).. Fedex said no trucks were available to deliver it, i didn't have time to pick it up = Fedex then sent it by taxi (at no cost to me)..  i will not order frustration packaging on very small items again .. have ordered it with hard drives and no problems .. all comes down to size of shipping package ..
So far is about the best card I have owned and superior to other brands I have used. As usual Amazon was prompt in their delivery. I plan to buy more of these cards.operanut
There isnt anything remarkable to say about the memory card - it is doing the job as expected. And Amazon was impressive as always with their good prices and fast/reliable delivery.
I've using this card on extreme conditions with a water proof camera and it is working perfect for almost a year. I had an issue in the delivery but Amazon team resolved it at once, I feel really comfortable with the customer services. Thanks guys!
For a 4gb card that is a class 6 device, this was cheap, the delivery was fast and the card arrived as described, this will work well in either a photo frame, Digital Video or Camera.Highly Recommended
This SD Card was a great buy. High capacity, high reliability, and affordably priced. I did think the packaging for delivery was excessive for such a small item, but it was delivered in factory condition.
Only had it long enough (so far) to use in a Samsung HC30WZ Camera for a couple of weeks.  Used it for 200 8MP jpg and about 10 minutes of HD video.  All seems to work well. Delivery was fast and very well packed.
What do you say about a camara memory card , it either works or it don"t.  This one seems to work very well. It came undamaged, and very quickly. Thanx for the quick delivery
Works as advertised.  Good price, and quick delivery.  A cheap way to double up available storage on my new netbook.
I needed a bigger chip for my Pentax SLR Digi Camera.Was using a 2 for a long time.  But found that I was always running out, of space..Transcend is a brand I really trust.The price and delivery was excellent.  Works well with all my unites.No shipping from Amazon is a wonderful deal.
Fast Delivery, and an excellent product.  Another, more expensive, CD/DVD Wallet that I own is a struggle to open and close and to lay it flat when opened.  I'll pass on the struggle, and buy another one of these when I need it.  I cannot imagine someone being disappointed with this item.
Huge Space save - size is bigger than expected - think half an XBox in terms of size. The item is bulky, but light. I have found the item to be a huge space saver though be warned when full this thing is gona weigh in around 10 - 12 lbs. I intend on buying 2 - 3 more of these within the next 2 months. The item opens up and you basically have pages and pages of sleeves for DVD disks. Huge space saver, good price, good delivery. Will buy again
I purchased this same case at Best Buy for $19.99. I bought it because I wanted an armband in order to use the Sansa player while I work out. It works great and all of the buttons are still accessible. You can use the belt clip or adjustable armband included.It's a great case I would recommend trying to buy it locally rather than spending the same amount (after shipping) buying it here and having to wait a week for delivery.
I bought this for my son to cut his own hair. He shaves his head for ROTC and this was perfect for keeping him in uniform. Great quality, quick delivery, and great price. Great for anyone wanting to cut hair at home.
Very easy to operate, intuative, and sexy. Tried loading AVI files, but were not accepted. Don't know why. Works well with Windows Media Player.Great service and fast delivery from Amazon.Highly recommend.
Excellent buy, fast delivery. On products details does not mention it brings earphones and USB cable though, but it does.After I bought this one, I realized that for $60 more I could have got the classic 30G one, but I do like the fact of its size. Classics are way to big for my taste, so if you like a video ipod of an actual portable size, this is the choice for you.
I had purchased a Creative Zen Microphoto a year and a few months earlier and we had nothing but trouble.  They replaced the unit, but finally the hard drive in it crashed. Oh well, lesson learned, stick with something that uses no hard drive.  My daughter missed some of the functions that were on the Microphoto, but I think she is thrilled to have this iPod and we have had no problems so far.  I have been disappointed that there are not more protective cover offerings for this generation of the nano.  My daughter has already put a tiny scratch on the screen.Thanks, Amazon, for the good price and the quick delivery!
After several years of use, our Panasonic remotes seem to be failing. These replacement batteries were installed in all three remotes. All resumed fully functional status. Delivery was prompt and package adequately.
This battery is a direct replacement for the Panasonic battery inour three phones.  The new batteries all work perfectly and holda long charge.  Attractive price and quick delivery were a bonus.Thanks.
Great product.  This is just what I was looking for.  Good sound and it was very easy to put together.  Delivery was quick and no damage to the product during shipping.  I'm completely satisfied with this item
This Micro-cassette voice recorder was delivered prior to the expected delivery date. It was well-packaged and was in the original packaging. This equipment is excatly what our office needs. Thank you.
Purchased this to replace my Sony CD player that went bad. I have been using this for a few months now and am very pleased with it's performance. The speed in changing from one disk to another during random play is excellent and I also like that I can change 4 dish while listing to the 5 one. The delivery was on time and packing was double boxed. I have had no issued and would recommend this item
From unpacking the box and hooking up the CD player to my amp took a whole 25 seconds, and another 2 seconds to listen to my first CD on this marvelous machine.  The Yamaha CDC-697BL is solid and quiet.  Horray for Yamaha and congrats to Amazon for free shipping and rapid delivery.  I would definetly recommend this product.
I ordered the Yamaha CDC 697 on a Saturday and received it by Thursday. Super fast delivery, the item was packaged perfectly and it looks just like the picture. Thanks Amazon & Crutchfield. Anyway, if you've read my reviews, you'll know I enjoy music. I purchased this cd changer to replace a 110 cd disc changer I purchased back in 1998. I was trying to find a cd changer that fit my style that was affordable but that also made my music selection sound good in the crib. Well, after reading several of the reviews, I decided upon the Yamaha CDC 697. I have a Yamaha receiver with Cerwin Vega floor speakers so it made sense to go along with the Yamaha cd changer. I was anxious to receive the cd player and when I got this changer...oh man what a difference it made from my previous cd changer. The set-up was very easy, the sound is crystal clear and it really sounds great in the house. If you're looking for a great cd changer with easy set-up and terrific sound, this is it. I hope this helps. As always, YMMV...... NEOSOUL
Just received my little modem.  Sunday delivery by USPS is excellent too.I had a TW modem, hooked up to their chat and provided the necessary info.  Installed the new modem and all seems working well.  The whole process was quite quick and easy.  I had ordered the SB5101 but received the SB5101U (which has UBS capability and no standby button).  That's okay since I simply wanted to get rid of that extra charge from TW--this one will pay for itself in about 6 months.If you decide to purchase your own modem, do yourself a favor and get the new one.  Don't get a refurbished one since i notice some folks have problems with their refurbished modem's serial already being registered by the cable company,Anyway, I do recommend this modem, so far that is :).
This modem replaced a Toshiba Modem I had for several years.  A friend suggested I check the download speed of the Toshiba with a program called Speedtest.net/  I did and found the download speed to be about 2.4 and the upload about 0.85.  The Motorola 5101 increased the download speed to 19.0 and the up load to 3.6.  Wow.  All I had to do was call my provider, give them the serial number of the new modem and I was in business.  Fast delivery, easy to installed and great product.  BTW, if you use a router, it may/will effect your download speed.
As cable modems go, this one is pretty good.However, its major advantage over other high-speed cable modems is DOCSIS-2.0 compatibility.  While this may seem a little esoteric, this feature allows for electronic receipt of paperless faxes via a VOIP (voice over internet protocol) system through a computer network.  That is, a computer can receive packetized faxes from a VOIP system and then, for example, e-mail those faxes to various recipients.  Without DOCSIS-1.1 or 2.0, this capability is severely degraded and faxes may be cut off mid-page or mid-document without warning due to packet loss in the VOIP delivery process.For Apple computer users, this is a big feature since most have the capability of using this feature in their computers.
So darn cute fits in your pocket and protects your ear buds, a.must have, and really cute.in pink!!! Fast delivery,just like advertised 6 stars
The price was $10.00 cheaper than Apple store. Delivery was prompt. The reason for the 4 stars and not 5 was because of the installation problem. I had to contact Apple tech support to fix the problem with registration. It was a problem with registering from North Carolina according to tech support.
I have been using a smaller case for my camera gear plus a backpack.  Traveling commercial air was a problem because this cut down on my "carry on" gear as well as that which I could check.  This box is perfect.  It enables me to carry on all of my expensive gear in the one box leaving me able to carry my laptop computer in another.  The larger items from my back pack (tri-pod, etc.) I can now put in my checked luggage because I am not overly concerned that it gets lost or stolen.The box is just right for me because it is large enough but not so large that it is a problem with carry on.It is well made and rugged (thus far).  Delivery from 49st photo was very fast.  As they have been with previous orders.
Normally rating a product, based on anything other that performance, quality etc.. is  something I don't do.  My One Star rating is strictly based on Amazon's delivery time.  Until you actually receive the package and activate it. the product is worthless.  Amazon's delayed delivery and my stupidity are equally at fault.I had been saving this in my cart for months.  I purchased my laptop at the end of May 2007. Not wanting to put out $299 before I needed to,  I decided to order it from Amazon a month before my original warranty expired, not realizing that it could take TWO MONTHS to receive and activate it.  Of course that would be too late.I called Amazon the other day when I realized this,  and asked if the warranty would be in effect as soon as I ordered it and was told that I would have to wait the two months or so to receive it and then and only then could I activate it.  Bummer because I have been thinking of ordering it since I first bought my laptop last year.  This one is $50 less than the cost at the Apple store.  I thought that I had plenty of time ... that error cost me an additional $50.  Fortunately the Apple Store is only about 20 minutes from my house.  The early bird catches the $50 worm.  Order in plenty of time, probably at least 3 months in advance, just to be sure.UPDATE - 12/20/09.  I shouldn't have rated the warranty itself only 1 star (but I couldn't change it later).  I have since used the the extended warrant twice, and I can't say enough about the service from Apple. Both times that I had trouble with the life of the battery, they immediately sent brand new ones.  I would give it 10 stars if I could.
Very good sound. In the end buying them from Costco. Cost exactly the same without delivery and you have Costco's warrantee as well
I use this hub to switch between the speakers in my home office and basement speakers. It works well for that purpose, and I am very satisfied with the performance so far. Delivery was very fast.
Item was as described in Amazon listing with no surprises on size or class type. SanDIsk quality exceeds cheap SDHC choices. Amazon delivery speed met expectations.
I like this mouse a lot and was disappointed I couldn't find it in the local stores (Office Max, Best Buy, etc.).  I had the same model for a couple of years and ended up breaking it when I moved my office.  Amazon came through with a great price and quick delivery.  This is a very comfortable mouse if you have big hands and/or use a mouse a lot for work.  It keeps your arm tilted at the proper angle to reduce any CT in your wrist.  It makes a fairly loud 'clicking' sound when you hit any of the buttons but overall it's a solid mouse that will last.
I've ordered OCZ memory many times. It's decent, about the same as any other decent brand. The big problem with OCZ though is they are constantly running rebates which is one of the big factors in buying OCZ. The rebate period maybe the shortest time from any brand, 12 days. The usual time Ive seen generally is one to two months! By the time you get the sticks you have a very short time left. In fact if there are any delays in shipping or getting the items, you often miss the postmark deadline.This is especially true if you pick any of the Amazons cheaper and slower delivery options. Choosing Free Shipping, theres a big chance you wont even get the item in time before the deadline passes. So factor that in when ordering OCZ items with rebates.
Sped up my old laptop pretty good! It definitely needed it! Quick delivery and installed it myself fairly easily. Very happy.
I really like this screen.  Only have used it a few hours so far so this review is more about the acquisition, installation and initial operation.Acquisition -----This shipped by Amazon Prime, via Pilot Freight.  Due to the size I didn't get 2nd day shipping via prime.  Had to schedule a delivery with Pilot Freight.  Pilot was about 2 hours late to deliver, but did make it on the right day.  There was no obvious damage to the outside of the box.  Opening it up there were two dents on the back side of the screen housing and one mounting bracket was severely bent.  I pushed the dents back into shape and since they are on the back side they don't show and don't impact the operation.  I bent the mounting back to shape with pliers.Installation ------It mounted on the ceiling easily using two wood screws on each end.  On my unit the mounting holes were 121.5" between centers. The screen is very close to the wall as it drops.  I mounted mine about 1/2" inch from the back wall and this allows it to miss a chair rail molding on the wall as it travels up and down.Initial Operation -----Plug it in and use the IR remote to drop it and it works.  The IR remote used directly to the screen has a very narrow angle of operation.  I have to almost stand right under the screen and point the remote into the port.  If I plug in the three way switch (included) it has an IR extender built in and it allows cross room operation of the remote.  I didn't time the up/down time but would put it at about 1 minute each way, very quiet and smooth.  I do get a clunk/clicking sound perhaps in sync with each revolution of the drum or some other mechanical noise, does not appear to impact operations, but is concerning, if normal Elite should state so in the docs, which I don't see.  The picture quality is very good to my eyes.  Compared to other screens it is pleasing to me, I like white screens the most and the gain is reasonable and the claim of 1.1 seems to match my experience with other screens with similar ratings, however, I am an amateur home theater enthusiast, not a pro at these things.  I am getting some curl in toward the projector on the black vertical borders, but barely impacting the plane of the white area.  I'm going to leave it open for a day or two to smooth out minor wrinkles and see if the curl improves.  I don't think the level of curl is a concern, in fact it may help a bit with light spill to the immediate sides of the screen.Summary -----I'm projecting with a Panasonic PT-AR100U running in Ecco mode on this 125" 16:9 screen the picture quality is bright and amazing.  I replaced a fixed screen and am enjoying the ability to put the screen away with the electric retract, to make the room a little less technical looking when not watching movies.
Amazon shipped it great and the delivery was professional and easy.The product itself comes with bunch of promotions from elite which did not impress me (touting free mount etc but s & H is more then what you would pay for entire product on amazon).The screen comes well equipped and worked fine. (RF and IR remote etc)However, it was skimpy on installation details.Their tech support did not have much to offer.The biggest surprise to me it did not have any mounting hardware. I was putting it on studs, and it does have key holes to mount it as picture frame, but I was bit nervous with 30 lbs weight and wanted which screws to use, but none were included or instructed. When I called their tech support they guy simply said he does not know what to recommend or what size screws I should buy.Also my stud placement is 24 inches (instead of 16 inches in older homes, seems to be new trend to save wood for 24 inch placement in new homes). So if I mounted one end on stud, the other end needed sheet wall anchor. I just did the best I could.Screen itself is nothing special but works well. It did not look weavy and did not have artifacts on it. But at the same time, not that better from white walls or other special colors you can use on the wall for projection.
I experienced a perfect delivery. I ordered, within 1 hour I had an email for a delivery contact number. Couple days later I got a call to set-up delivery.The item was packaged great, and the item was received in perfect condition. I was astonished with how large this screen is in person.. astonished and incredibly pleased. It's a very very nice screen, and easy to set-up.The motor is a tad on the loud side... i.e not silent, but this isn't a problem, more of an observation. The motor on the unit I received was also making a thuding sound as the screen moved up and down, however, after about a week of use the thud'ing stopped and everything works as advertised. I would recomend this screen to anyone looking for a low-cost (budget) electic screen without hesitiation. I could not be more happy with my Home theater setup. Every time I walk by my Theater room I catch myself grinning like a child. FANTASTIC ORDERING EXPERIENCE from beginning to end. A+++
About the value: I bought this for my ~$1k projector. I guess if you have a more expensive setup, you might want to consider something more expensive. I am not an expert, but I'm guess more expensive projector screens will provide better picture quality to pair with your more expensive projector, Moreover, if you are solely concerned about picture quality there is something at a higher price point that offers significantly better picture. But it wouldn't make sense to buy a $500 screen on a $1k projector to me, I rather that spend that money on a $1.3k projector and a $200 screen for example.With respect to the product itself: It came with a cabled controller and a remote. The screen is solidly built and huge. The motorized feature works as a expected, not the faster or quietest but its only $200 bucks... I feel like a cool nerd every time I use this thing. The controller uses an ethernet cable (also included), which I thought was an interesting protocol for controlling this, but no complaints about this. This came undamaged, which given the huge size.... the delivery guys took care of it. The picture quality is better than projecting on a wall, but the main usefulness of of this was that I had no wall to projector on in my tiny apartment.In summary if you have an entry level movie projector, need something out of the way, and think the motorized feature is cool (it actually works , not a gimmick) then get this screen. If you have a more expensive projector, it's probably better value to get a more expensive screen to get the most out of your projector's performance.
I ordered this part for use with a new Audibon Birdcam.  The Kingston memory card failed in just over a month.  It was unreadable by several PCs and a Mac.  Amazon said to contact Kingston directly (Kingston memories carry a lifetime warranty).  Kingston had me return the memory (my expense) and issued an RMA.  They used "UPS Mail Innovations" to ship.UPS MI is an el-cheapo service that uses the USPS mid-stream and for final delivery.  Predictably, the shipment to me was lost by the USPS and tracking information abruptly stopped.  It took four telephone calls to Kingston, the final call being to a supervisor, to get another parts shipped.  The CS reps kept reading me the dead tracking info in which the shipment was "out for delivery" in another state and past due by several days.  It's been three weeks since I sent the part back.  I'm waiting for the second RMA part to arrive.I'm not sure that Sandisk memories are fundamentally any better, but I can say that I never suffered a failure of any of their many memories I own.
I was lucky to find out that the camera I ordered needed this vital part.  Ordered camera and card at same time.  Camera arrived in two days; it took 12 days for the memory card to arrive, thus negating the usefulness of the fast camera shipment.  Deduct two stars for snail mail delivery.The card fit the camera and seems to work well.  Will need more experience to give a better quality review.
The card functions well in my camera. Delivery was prompt and card was packed well. I can't tell whether the higher speed rating makes a difference in camera performance.
How do you rate an sd card?  Delivery was good, packaged well.  I went with standard  packaging, no need to pay extra when it comes to you like you buy one at the store.  However, if you have trouble with gripping, or don't have scissors or a knife handy, I would recommend ordering it using the Frustration-Free Packaging.
After 3 years, this TV is dying. There are pink dots all over the screen and it takes several clicking sounds before it comes on. There are enough complaints on the internet regarding pink dots and clicking sound with Samsung TVs. Apparently this is due to bad quality capacitors used in power supply module. A TV should last more than 10 years without repairs. Period.===============================Owned it for a month now. No problems so far. Got it from Amazon. Delivery was good and on time. Didn't see any scratches on the TV or the box. Looks like they handled it properly.Pros: After one month of use there is not much to complain about. Over-the-air HD is absolutely stunning. Colors are brilliant. I didn't test any other HD source. Digital SD is better than analog SD. SD on this TV is much better than my old tube TV Sony trinitron. DVDs with a regular progressive scan player are stunning too. Color reproduction is very good. I don't think for a 40" LCD an up-converting DVD player is needed. TV looks sleek and very modern. I didn't see any clouding or banding issues even with movies like the illusionist. Black levels are very good. There is no glare/reflection with this model (4065/66 had plenty of glare just like a plasma TV) so it makes it easy to watch even with plenty of ambient light. This is the biggest reason I went with LCD. PC via VGA looks great. Netflix online looked better than digital SD. USB input to play MP3 and watch JPEGS is a bonus. Side input is well recessed so the wires are not visible when using it. Low power consumption. Tons of input options with 3 HDMI input.Cons: Too many options to adjust picture. I have most of them turned off and just play with contrast, brightness, color, sharpness and backlight. Even after a month I keep adjusting the picture for various inputs. Audio from PC could not be played directly on the TV. I think the audio amp in the TV is weak. Had to listen via home theater system. Audio quality as such is average. This TV does not have auto fill mode for different formats. This is painful to keep changing the picture size manually while flipping through channels. Shiny (piano finish) cabinet is very reflective (but looks beautiful) and can be annoying sometimes. This TV is a dust magnet. Screen is fragile as with any LCD without a glass panel.
Picture quality is amazing in HD, standard def can look very good too depending on the signal. The built in QAM tuner is really impressive. If you are a cable subscriber, definately try a direct hookup and scan for channels. I found dozens of digital channels (some I didn't even know existed), basically anything thats unencrypted is yours to watch. I could almost go without a cable box. It also works great as a PC Monitor, but if you are sitting far away you may have to bump the resolution down or increase the font size dpi to make the text readable.Minor annoyances, the remote seems slow to respond. The unit gets hotter than I expected but not hot like a plasma, the black piano finish attracts dust like crazy.  The speakers are not really bad in my opinion. I was able to get a great deal on this set with the free Samsung upconvert DVD player, free delivery and no sales tax. The delivery from CEVA was top notch, no problems. Best electronics purchase I've made in quite some time.
I did alot of research before making this purchase, and settled on the DLP's for the most size/dollar.  The LED engine of the Samsung seemed particularly appealing, as the bulb should last the lifetime of the TV.The price was amazing for this TV.  The local stores had older, non-LED models from Samsung, same size, for several hundred dollars more.Delivery was fast, on-time, and scheduled through EGL.  They had two guys out, took it off the truck, unpacked it, set it up in my TV stand, and took away the trash.  They didnt offer to hook it up, like some others seem to have, but thats okay with me.  They were in and out in 5 minutes.PROS- Bright screen, excellent images.- Straightforward remote and menu system.- Thin and light.  Thing weighs less than most 32" CRT televisions.- Tons of input ports.- Supports PC/Laptop display, through a VGA port, or over HDMI or a DVI/HDMI adapter.- Very nice looking.- Excellent form factor, looks much like a plasma/lcd from the front.- Speakers are just fine for built-ins.- Doesnt draw very much power (230W), so I put it on the UPS that drives my Tivo and my Xbox360.  This is nice to be able to do.- Only 13" deep!  It's extremely small/thin/light for its screen size and quality.CONS- Regular definition signals look obviously grainy and pixelated.  Not sure if this is really any worse than a 50" tube would look, or if it just looks so bad compared to the HD signals.- On non-stretch mode with SD (where you have a black bar down each side of the picture), the sides of the image are bowed in a little bit.  Havent figure out how to adjust that yet.Only had it a day or so, but so far I am hugely pleased.  You just cant get this size & quality of a TV for the price elsewhere, so long as you dont really need the thin-ness of a plasma or LCD.
Great TV!  Only reason for 4 vs 5 stars is that I had to work on set up after set arrived to get the picture in focus.  The delivery could not have gone better, the unit works well and I'm very happy with it.  Only warning is that you can expect to have to do a small amount of adjusting once the set is installed if you are within 12 feet of the screen.  Movies and DVDs are simply beautiful.
I am very satisfied with the Seagate FreeAgent hard drive I purchased.  I got great service, quick delivery, and a great price.  I have several Seagate drives and have yet to have a problem with any of them.  I would recommend this drive very highly.
No problems works great, well packed fast delivery works well good quality fast DDR2. What else to say. It has had no problems with crashing.
I eagerly awaited the delivery of this bad boy, and can not be more pleased with it. Currently I have a standard def DVD player, Comcast HD cable box, and an Apple Mac Mini connected to it. I'll give you a run-down on how each fares:Standard DVD:The picture looks great, and even though not HD it does not pixellate or blur as much as I'd thought it would. It is noticable that you are not getting a truly HD picture, but not enough to make me want to go out and immediately get an up-converting player.Comcast HD box:The standard channels look so-so, depending on the network and the time of day (prime-time channels are given more attention than off-peak), and HD channels simply scream with life. Discovery HD is amazing! The color balance is wonderful, and the blacks are astounding. It has "living black" as I like to call it, whereas many flat-panels have dull, flat blacks that wash out the picture. I am told that this is because some TVs display black as an inactive pixel (or something of that nature), whereas higher end TVs actually render the color black. My girlfriend's mother said that it was amazing because there was actually DEPTH to the picture. The amount of shows and networks broadcasting in HD on Comcast is a bit low for my liking, but that will change soon enough.I had tried connecting the cable directly to the TV, but since we get digital cable, the higher channels just showed up as 100.5 100.7 etc. Not exactly an easy way to tell which channel you're watching.Apple Mac Mini computer:I had some issues getting the picture to come up. The TV just kept telling me that there was no compatible signal. Since I had no other monitor I had to enable the text-to-speech feature and feel my way to the picture settings in the control panel. When I turned off the "TV overscan" setting, bam, signal. The picture looks good enough, but not as good as i'd hoped. Maybe the Mac Mini just doesn't have the cahones to push that great of a picture to a monitor this big. One other downside is that the picture does not fill the whole screen, but rather leaves about a 3/4 inch of black all around, which reduces my visible image to about 29" in the end. Still huge, but I'd rather have the whole she-bang. I am told Apple TVs fare a lot better in this department, but I want to do more than they offer.*EDIT* I cured the overscan issue and got the full screen real-estate of the Mac Mini by using a program called DisplayConfigX (12 bucks) which lets you set a custom screen resolution. I recommend setting it to 720 and working from there. The 1080i resolution makes everything so small that it ends up being pretty much useless. I also puchased a Wii controller, "wireless" wii bar, and a bluetooth dongle and with a program called RemoteBuddy you can use the Wiimote as a media center remote, though I've still got to iron out some kinks, like clicking stuff (the wiimote isn't steady enough to click without it registering as a click-and-drag).All in all, I love the set. I love it so much I had the 42" model purchased for our lounge area at work, and that one works just as well. I compared similar size competitor's sets at the local big-box store, and most were easily inferior to this set, with the exception of the larger Samsung models that support 1080p (I like the look of the Samsung models more, but sadly they don't make a 32" model that has 1080p), and I am told that Sony brand sets are superior to these, but come at a premium I wasn't prepared to shell out.
I received this TV from Amazon via Eagle delivery last Saturday in perfect condition.  No problems with the tv tilting on the stand like some people reported in the avs forums.So I hooked up the cable and set everything up and I was in for a treat.  Before I go any further I want to add that I went TV shopping at Circuit City to see what this TV or rather the hpt4254 would look like.  The demo feed at circuit city was good but it never prepared me for what I would see with my own tv.  My first time watching an HD channel was truly eye opening.  It was akin to a religious experience on the grandest scale.  The clarity of the image and the colors gave shame to the real world.  That's how good this TV is.  If you're hesitating and wondering whether this TV is good, it's not.  It's better than good, it is awesome.  The picture quality is bewildering that anything can look this good.What does regular TV looks like?  It looks ok like regular tv.  But after watching HD why would you even want to watch regular tv?  Buy this tv now!  I gave it a 5 star rating for its awesomeness and you'll agree with me once you have your own TV.
If you're looking for a terrific picture, with deep blacks and great color, at a great price, ie. a great value, this set is for you.  Combine the price with interest-free financing and you can't go wrong.  I did a lot of research to find a well-rated plasma at a value price, and this set has not disappointed.  I especially like the composite video connections along with an s-video connector on the side of the set which allows me to plug the digital video camera in to get the best picture when playing directly from the camera to the television.  Has a good set of picture adjustments, and I have had no problem with burn-in, although I'm careful and don't leave any static image on the screen for too long and I have the anti-burn-in features, of which the set has several, turned on.  Very pleased with this set.The delivery company that Amazon uses did a good job of delivering the set, taking it out of the box, turning it on and making sure the set worked and had no physical blemishes.  The two delivery men were very friendly and pleasant to deal with.
I am very pleased with this purchase. Amazon has the best price on the net. I ordered this TV last wednesday, and I am enjoying this TV as we speak! With free white glove delivery and quick shipping, this is my "Deal of the year!"  There are some picture problems out of the box, the manufacturer settings suck. but minor tweaking will fix that. The picture is really sharp, but off air channels don't look so hot. Even Off air HD channels. I am using a terk antenna that's supposed to be really sexy.  But so far, I am not impressed with the off air channels.  Digital Cable looks wicked! Overal its a great TV at a great price, if it wasn't for the reddish hues and sucky off air channels, I would give this TV a 5.
This was my first HDTV purchase after a lot of research. First of all like many people who have ordered from Amazon, I was really impressed with their white glove delivery service and the customer service. Who needs suckers like BB and CC where you pay atleast 30%  more (than Amazon)+ tax + shipping + deal with strange salesmen who have no idea what they are talking about when you can go with Amazon. Anyways regarding the TV, I have to admit the picture quality on this TV was pretty impressive even on SD. My set however had some flickering issues (specially in non HD) which based on many owner's opinion was fixed by replacing the logic board with the latest model ( 07115 ). The TV worked great that day .Unfortunatly that was the last day my TV worked, next morning I decided to catch some news before going to work and boom no picture just sound. Needless to say i called the 'crappy' Samsung so called customer service and they sent the same company who had changed my logic board to fix it. The TV is at the shop now for God knows how long. Based on my personal experiences with Samsung products, its a gamble with the quality but not with the customer service ; which is always pathetic .They make sure you realize that you have made a mistake by purchasing a Samsung product. I can safely vouch for samsung's bad service and i know a lot of people who feel the same way.I would not bash this TV , I think if you don't have a bad luck with the set it works fine , its a good product. But for now I am going with Panny 77U which as far as I can tell from the picture is pretty comparable to Sammy 5064 & I am getting it for under $1300 (including shipping etc). So my 2 cents, Samsung has issues with reliability but if it works the TV is pretty good.Hope this helps. -Thanks
Great value and service from Electronic Express and Amazon.com.  From order to delivery of my Samsung HP-T5064 plasma TV was just four days.  Setup was fairly easy, although connections through a surround-sound system is a bit complicated.  Not a showstopper, though.  The TV provides a great appearance, great picture and sound, and the remote operation is fairly easy.  SD reception is only as good as your provider, but the HD side is great.  I've bought Samsung before and will again.  You won't be disappointed.
This item work very well, I do recommend this to anyone that wants to get the tv off a stand.  The seller packed the item well and the delivery time was perfect.
Great replacement pads for my headphones.  I have several pairs of headphones that these pads work on, I use them when I am bicycling and tend to wear out a lot of pads.  I used to buy replacements from Radio Shack but now all they have assortment packs with only one pair that fit my headphones at 3 times the price I paid for these.As an Amazon Prime member I got free 2 day shipping with these so that made this a great bargain with speedy delivery.  Brick and Mortar stores watch out you are making it so easy for me to shop exclusively online.
My tv cable trippled in price. I got rid of it. Hooked up my laptop to my tv via this HDMI cable. Works great. This cable is a good product at a great price and had very fast delivery. Recommend this seller.
I ordered a Logitech Microphone and I apologize about the implied inconsistency. I'll take the embarrassment and humiliation to admit that I only needed to restart my PC. Wow, the problem was some kind of PnP glitch issue that I Did NOT expect at all and I'm very experienced with computers to look this stupid. Resolved. I want to apologize to Ureka for that.It's a good product and Delivery came quick. I'd buy from them again.
No way this home theater will blow away audiophile speaker system. But for me the speakers were very good, totally love it. Also, I brought this home theater speakers with Like New condition. The sub woofer make very weird shaking sound inside when you turn audio on high, like something loosing up inside the sub woofer. So I don't know if the brand new sub woofer from this home theater system has the same problem or not. Also my sub woofer got broken terribly at the corner like it got drop when delivery or something. But I couldn't complain more since I didn't buy it brand new.
I purchased this package with a new Plasma from Amazon. Excellent price, excellent service and delivery. The receiver is excellent. The HDMI pass through isn't as useful as I thought it would be so I am just going direct from the SAT receiver to the TV. This receiver doesn't pick off the sudio from the HDMI. The TV I have doesn't pass 5.1 back out of of the optical port when the TV is receiving HDMI (only stereo) so I have the SAT box's optical feed going to the receiver directly and the SAT box's HDMI (video) going to the TV directly. Very simple and the fewer units you have handling a signal the better. The speaker auto setup feature is a must-have for these kinds of systems. Great decoder. Dolby D is detected and works well when you have high quality material from the SAT box. Perfect for viewing concerts. Speakers are ok but a little small for listening to music. Good for a small room. Great Sub. The remote control is mazing. It controls the SAT box and the TV almost completely. Very nice to have only one remote to deal with. DVD is a little tougher but most of our listening is SAT. IF you think you will have several DVD players etc, get a receiver with more optical or coax (5.1 channel) inputs. This one has one of each. I use the coax input for the DVD player and am maxed out but happy as a clam. Buy your optical and HDMI cables from Amazon and save a bundle. Even the cheapest big box stores rip you off.
On-time delivery and quite hard to beat the value in the 4-pack o' fans. Once installed I did not notice any increase in sound coming from my PC or the PC's I was building for friends, so I am pleased with them. Recommend.
Works out of the box, and the included software has a lot of useful utilities for picture taking and making video clips. Works nicely with Skype as billed, and I got this one for an excellent price (around $22). It could work better under low light conditions, but at this price I can't expect miracles. Other more expensive models I tried didn't perform much better in low lighting. Not a biggie for me. Also, would be nice if it worked under linux too, didn't get recognized under Cheese, but it does what I intended it to, is nicely styled, and fully functional for what I purposed it for. Delivery was also quick, so no complaints there either. Nice product, great price, and quick shipping. Quite pleased.
Not an audiophile. Just a guy who found himself without a stereo for the first time since college and decided to buy these as a replacement. It was kind of weird, realizing that I didn't listen to tapes or CDs or even the radio anymore. My computer has replaced all other audio delivery devices in my life. So what did I need a stereo for?I remember the first time I heard really good speakers. It was miraculous, like there was a whole world of sound that I had never imagined before. I was probably 13 when I had my first "speaker moment." And these little bookshelf speakers made me feel 13 again. I can hear every detail, every breath, and every drop of rain on this ambient track.You can't always trust the hype you see online, but in this case, the reviewers on Amazon saved me $800 and convinced me to buy a product that will make me smile every day for the next 10 years.
I had an old USB headset that was much more expensive. I didn't want to use yet another USB port or get yet another USB hub so I found this headset and based on the reviews bought it to talk via Skype, ICQ, MSN, etc. primarily with people in Russia and Estonia. It attaches to the sound card on your PC.(I did have to disconnect the speakers to attach it so it's one or the other) The first time I used it, I was surprised to find that the sound quality was as good as my internet phone which is as good as, if not better, than a land line. Subsequent conversations were less successful which may have been more a function of bandwidth and packet delivery than the Headset. It is relatively comfortable and easy to use and when I recorded a conversation on Skype, I listened to my own voice and found the quality very good insofar as I can tell how I sound.The price is right and with Amazon's great free shipping, I bought it from Amazon where because of the free two day shipping plan I have, I buy as much as possible(no. I am not affiliated with Amazon).
These speakers represent a mindblowing, inconceivable price-performance proposition for the true music lover. The clarity, neutrality, musicality, staging and transparency is simply unreal for a &lt;$400 speaker. If someone had told me these speakers were 5 times their price as I listened to them, I would have believed it.2 caveats for potential buyers: if you are looking for asocial amounts of raw power and over the top bass, this was not designed for you. This is for music lovers that appreciate a crystal clear, musical and neutral delivery of material. Considering their size, their ability to deliver very satisfying bass umph and play at levels that will overwhelm your ability to discern detail is pretty amazing, though.For those who utterly need more bass, AudioEngine was thoughtful enough to provide a subwoofer port, and I can tell you it works, but if I had to do it all over again I'd save myself the subwoofer expense. It has to be turned way down in volume and truly kept under 60Hz to not spoil the Audioengine's balance delivery.And I don't praise the AudioEngine speakers too easily: I regard myself as a bit of an audiophile snob, listening to my music at home through a $25k stereo consisting of Accuphase CD and amplifier and B&W; speakers.I got a transfer that has me living in a one bedroom apartment for the next year or two. No way the big stereo, speakers (and over 2,000 CDs) could come with me. After doing some research and asking some people whose opinion I respect on less snobbish audiophile forums, I decided to buy the AudioEngine speakers. The setup is remarkably easy: my entire collection resides on a redundant network drive. I stream it wirelessly to a small box (the Slim Devices SqueezeBox) that does the DA conversion at very high quality, and it gets fed into the active AudioEngine speakers. The total cost of this minimalist and clean setup (perfect for a one bedroom apartment that I like neat and open) is of less than $700 for electronics, plus a few additional hundred for stuff that filters and cleans power, plus good quality cabling (but nothing esoterically expensive). The result? Pretty amazing. Do I still miss my home stereo? Yes. But it's amazing how close this gets, and how satifying this is, at a fraction of the cost.This is a great time to be an audiophile.Thank you, AudioEngine!
This mouse is great. I'm not going to list out all the pros and cons, but there are definitely more good things than bad things. Before I begin, I wanted to talk about the shipping: The shipping sucked. Luckily, I was "soothed" by Amazon's customer service. I don't know why, but their service reps are really good. There supposedly was some mixup when FedEx transferred the mouse to USPS, and the package was lost. The most ironic thing of all was that the mouse was shipping out from Seattle, which also happens to be where I live; the expected delivery date was July 1st; they quickly solved the problem by sending a new one free of charge with one-day shipping (on the 14th). Anyways, A product should NEVER be rated by how slow the shipping is (the only reason shipping should be rated is if the package is ripped to shreds).So, the mouse is awesome. I was really surprised at how useful the dpi-changing buttons are; it really came in handy in Call of Juarez for those quick-draw duels. I definitely recommend this mouse fully. If you are willing, you could look for a better price somewhere else (and I saw the price drop to $39.99 the day after I bought it), but if you look somewhere else, be careful that you don't get the old model with only one side button. I looked at some other reviews and saw people complaining about the texture and the cord; personally, I love both. The cord is an excellent length with that nice weaved "insulation". The mouse's texture is really nice, and it doesn't feel weird in your hand. Speaking of which, the mouse's shape is excellent. I've seen other mice that are much too short for my hand. Oh, and if you're buying this mouse only because it has weights, then you should go ride a bike. The weights are awesome, although they are not much of a "deal-breaker"; they can be fun to tinker with and actually make a bit of a difference in performance, but... yeah. And please, if you buy this, don't brag to your friends that your mouse has adjustable weights.I almost forgot to talk about one of the most important things: tracking, as in how well the mouse performs. It is excellent. I highly reccomend this mousepad to go along: SteelSeries QcK Mouse Pad (Black). It is undoubtedly flawless.P.S. after you install the driver stuff, there's a nice "advanced options" menu in the logitech thingymabob in the taskbar which is kinda confusing to find: right click on the icon in the taskbar, then go to the options, then under the chess-piece tab, there is a button that says something like "advanced gaming options". There, you can program up to 5 desired dpi settings. Hope this helps.
I purchased this set on May 16, 2007 and according to Amazon it shipped the next day. The tracking information was starting to show up and everything was great. I live up in Boston and the TV seemed to be coming from Harrisburg, PA. Not too far away and I thought this shouldn't take long. 10 days go by and the tracking information finally updated. Now the item showed up as being in Philadelphia. I was starting to get suspicious and surely we past the expected delivery date. I called Amazon and EAGLE and they said they would look into it. Another 10 days go by. I suppose I am a patient person, but after calling again, they told me that my TV had been lost in transit and that they can either offer me a refund or ship out another one. I had enough at that point and decided to pick it up at a Circuit City locally and didn't pay a lot more. EAGLE shipping should be called EVIL shipping. Beware of their service!!!The TV is near perfect. I get some odd green and purple flashes and sometimes the picture drops out alltogether but this is only when I have a computer hooked up to it. My Comcast DVR works just fine. They tell me I should try a different cable. We'll see.
This is my second Samsung TV.  I couldn't be happier with my purchase.  The delivery was right on time, I asked to have it delivered after 8 AM and he was there at 8:01.  Very nice and considerate guy.  As for the TV itself, the HD on this one is amazing.  I can see blades of grass from across the room.  The non-HD channels are great too, once the settings are adjusted for your particular taste.  I think I'll stick with Samsung a little longer.
Another Great Experience with Amazon! Not only is the TV excellent as described by other reviewers but the entire process was super. The TV was shipped the day after it was ordered. The tracking was right on. And the delivery by Eagle was perfect. They delivered it the day after it arrived in Orlando to our Florida  home 100 miles away, arriving 5 days earlier than the predicted delivery date. The white glove setup was quick and amicable.Other reviewers had recommended calling the shipper early in the tracking process to make sure delivery address phone, etc were correct. We did this and would recommend it to all.By the way, the TV is really great. We love the swivel base, and the light weight is perfect for our TV console table.
OK Everyone:  I am going to tell you- I went everywhere- spent countless hours comparing specs, picture quality, reviews and all of the above to make this purchase.. Being a Single Mom and no personal experience buying a quality TV before- I wanted to make the right purchase.. I knew I wanted to keep my purchase under $1500 and get HD-1080 and at least a 40inch screen.. I had just purchased (2) Flat Samsung 19inch PC monitors and have never owned a Samsung before- Being so impressed with the PC monitors quality- I started doing research on their TV models. I went to the local stores and compared Pictures- I found myself gravitating back to the Samsung everytime- Then I saw this model- with the Clear Screen option-- and it was 1080- Comparing to the models that did not have it --I liked the fact that it does not have the compete 'flat' LCD look- and has a little clear coat over that- It's like the best of both LCD & Plasma-- It is placed in a room with a lot of light- I have no issue with glare at all!  The HD quality is so clear- I never knew the TV could look so real--clear and crisp!  Accessories I bought: Knowing very LITTLE about the wiring needed- I also purchased the  "WireLogic HDTV Hook-Up Kit for Tabletop TVs and Entertainment Centers"  You get everything you need in one box! For both the cable and a DVD player hook up. Even extra for (2) other accesories i.e. vcr etc. I bought the "Samsung DVD-1080P7 Up-Converting 1080p DVD Player" and all my DVD's play in 1080- WOW! I have not seen a bad or questionable picture yet-- A side note for the 'gamers' out there- My Son plays his Nintendo Game Cube on this and the graphics are awesome! No problems noted! He figured out the remote and all the options (He is only 10)  :-)  I have never seen 'Mario" look so good! LOL.I am trying out the cable company's latest Cable-DVR box-for 3 mos.. (It's like TiVo) I think Im hooked!  I was able to hook the TV up to the cable DVR signal in a matter of a few minutes right out of the box.. YEAH!!I was proud of myself.. So, Ladies.. and Gents for that matter- You dont have to be an electrician or audiophile to do the install!  THIS TV ROCKS!  You wount be sorry!! And. It looks AWESOME too!  BUY IT. Ohh and Amazon rocked the sales price-- No One could or would even come close to beating it locally -- Delivery was a breeze-  Thanks Amazon! I had a VERY MERRY Christmas indeed!
If you are searching out an lcd tv purchase, go no further. This Samsung model is superb in all respects; beats all the others and at a good price. The delivery service by Eagle was also superb. They were prompt, helpful, and polite. Bottom line: go for it.
I have been a Sony devotee since my first TV set 30 years ago. This is my first experiment with a different brand. I got my Samsung LNT4065F 3 days ago, but couldn't wait to write my first impressions. Firstly, the service was fantastic. Having read some of the reviews, I had some trepidations about Eagle's delivery. Hence, I was pleasantly surprised with the level of their service. My TV was delivered two days earlier then originally promised. Eagle called a day earlier and notified us of the delivery window (8-12). They showed up around 10am, unpacked the TV, placed it where we asked them to, cleaned up everything around and disposed of the box and wrapping stuff. They've done it in a quick and professional manner. Great job!The TV itself is fabulous. Incredible picture, easy to operate. I switched to Direct TV and still don't have the HD service, so I am waiting to be impressed even more. In the meantime, even the normal channels look great.  More to come as I get acquainted with all the features and experiment with  some DVDs and games.
I needed to replace an older LCD set as it did not have a decent cable tuner and had other issues.  The picture was excellent, so I was a bit cautious.  I read all the negative reviews and noticed they were mainly about delivery or defective sets, so I took the plunge as I have experienced defective deliveries from many manufacturers, a downside of our electronic society.1.  The delivery and set up was outstanding.  Could not be better.2.  The set itself is a work of art.  Beautiful, thin, quiet.3.  All channels were beautiful after a bit of massaging.4.  The tuner picked up at least 2x the channels my old one did, including a ton of HD channels.5.  There is a firmware update function, which I think is great.6.  The swivel is ideal for my situation.7.  Sound output is active for all inputs.Nits.1.  Source scrolling is slow.2.  Channel scrolling is a bit slow.3.  PIP functionality is minimal.  Limited pip source, no swap, no sound in pip window unless you go into menus.Overall, an absolutely wonderful set.  My viewing pleasure is increased measurably.There is a lot of info on this set, and the HDMI issues identified in some posts here at this site: [...].If you are in the market, I recommend this set highly.
First the delivery, it was fast and the best service I have ever had. My stand was ready and when the delivery men left it was in place with no mess for me to clean. When Amazon says white glove service, they mean it. I have had a lot of TV sets since the 50's and this is the best one yet. It was very easy to set up and the picture superb. I take a lot of digital pictures and when shown on the Samsung, they blow your mind.This was my first experience with HD but I am sold on it. The picture is so clear and detailed one feels that it is taking place in your home. I am still trying to decide about installing surround sound because the sound system is so good, I'm not sure it would add much in my situation.The only thing that I wasn't prepared for is that the very black shiny surface does reflect if you are in a bright room. I was surprised because I have a 26 inch LCD Samsung which does not do this. To me this is a minor distraction and I still give it 5 stars.
I researched quite a few televisions in the 40 inch segment before settling on this one. First of all, Amazon did a wonderful of delivery/installation, that too at no extra cost!I've had the TV for over a month now and am extremely satisfied with my purchase. Aesthetically, the glossy finish makes it look stunning. Much better than Sony's XBR4s anyway. I mostly play blu-ray discs and games using my PS3 (connected through an HDMI cable purchased from monoprice). The picture quality is absolutely mind-blowing. The picture quality of up-converted DVDs is also pretty good. The sound quality is not the best I've heard, but still competitive. I also have a Wii which I have connected using the official Nintendo component cable. I had connected it earlier using the standard RCA cable. I noticed no discernible difference in picture quality here. However, connecting the PS3 through HDMI (as opposed to standard RCA) made a world of difference.At less than half the price of the LNT4081 and around 40% less than the Sony XBR4 (I got this one at $1204 because of a temporary price drop), this TV is definitely worth every dollar!! I highly recommend buying this one.
I love everything about this TV. Like many others, I had the "blown capacitor" issue, although mine didn't fail until the TV was almost 4 years old.But no problem: I called Samsung, and they sent a technician to our home 24 hours later who fixed it...completely free of charge (3 years after the warranty expired!). You can be sure all my future TVs will be Samsung, after service like that. Unlike the nightmares I've heard of with Sony, it was as quick and easy to reach a support rep as it was to get the problem resolved.Amazon's free delivery and setup service is the best, and the one time I called Samsung with a question (about why my PC photos were being stretched onscreen), they answered the phone with a minute, and the (American) rep was extremely helpful.  It's hard to imagine how I could be any happier with this purchase.
In terms of performance this set is the equal of Sony or Phillips but at a much lower cost. I bought this set from Amazon. The white glove delivery service was great since they called the day before to let me know when they were bringing the set.  You can't go wrong with this one.
Okay, I waited three (3) months before posting this so that I would give some time for the initial enthusiasm to wear off. Well, it hasn't. I work in sales for an AV Rental agency, we set up for trade shows and business functions all over the lower 48. This Samsung blows away everything we have in stock, from 61" plasmas to 17" LCD monitors. The 1080p technology is definitely the way to go, and look at the contrast ratio-that should tell you the story. When we play HD and Blue Ray movies on this thing you have to see it to believe it.  My son's PS3 plays Blue Ray games without any ghosting or hesitations-just like a computer monitor. The speakers are actually good quality, but for some reason Samsung has them pointing down and back, not forward (???). Don't know why. No matter, I am setting up a cheap amp with separate side speakers anyway. There are complete controls for the screen on the remote unit. The TV looks beautiful and graces any room; the soft, blue glow light when on is a nice touch. We watch this in our family room even during the day and do not have to shut the blinds on our windows. For performance, aesthetics and sound you won't do better than this. And I have seen thousands of them through the years.By the way, just as a side thought; I suggest ordering extra cables through Amazon at the same time. I only paid a couple of bucks each for them.  Also - there is a lot of confusion out there about antennas. If you have a roof antenna already mounted, try that before purchasing another. I am currently using an indoor antenna and the picture is perfect. Do not be deceived by marketing hype, such as "Hi-Definition, High Performance antenna" etc. at inflated prices. It's just hype. There is no such thing as a "Hi-Definition" antenna, all are based on the same technical principles. Yes, there are some antennas that are superior in quality to others because of the way they are engineered, but that has nothing to do with the type of signal they will pull in.  Try what you have now before purchasing a new one, most likely you will be pleasantly surprised and save yourself some money.The delivery service was outstanding. Courteous, well-organized and efficient, the men had the thing unpacked and mounted in minutes.*********************************************************************************Update Dec. 18, 2009: I am getting spots across the screen when first startup after sitting all night. That has progressed to an increasing slow, long startup after hitting the Power button on the remote. By turning off, then turning on I can get the spots to disappear. At least for now. Everything else is fine. Obviously it will totally fail soon. Too bad, it's just been hanging on my family room wall for two years, never been moved, bumped or banged and is connected to a high quality outdoor antenna. Disappointment, it didn't even last two years.[UPDATE]: Jan 2010: Ok, found out the problem. Samsung is currently laboring under a class action lawsuit. Thousands of these sets have failed around the world, it's bad capacitors. Sammy did the typical Korean manufacturer procedure and bought the lowest-priced capacitors with no concern for quality and now they are failing in a large number of their TVs. I fixed this myself but it involves dismantling the set and replacing four (4) capacitors on the power supply circuit board. $4 of parts and 1.5 hours of labor time and the set is back up and running, at least until the next problem arises (rolls eyes). I know this set is discontinued and probably nobody will read this, but at least I posted.
To sum it all up - a great product, with great service at a darn good price.The Samsung LNT 4065F has met all my high expectations. The picture quality is excellent, the sound "stages" are terrific and the menu is easy to navigate and play around with. To respond to a few of the issues previous reviewers have raised:a. Glare off the screen: I've got windows (with wood shutters) facing the screen and do notice the reflection during daylight hours. Although I primarily watch TV at night, when I do want to watch during the day, I just close the shutters, and all is great; the picture is superb despite the ambient daylight.b. Firmware/software versions: The set from Amazon, delivered in mid-July, had the up-to-date versions (1024/1008).c. Shipping Carrier: No problems whatsoever. Carrier called a day in advance ( 2 days earlier than estimated )and set up a delivery window, and delivered as scheduled.I was going to purchase a larger screen, since a 52 inch would just fit into the primary viewing space I had available. However, since the price from Amazon was so attractive ($1670 at the time) for this 1080 HDTV, and because I had a secondary viewing room I'd eventually want an HDTV in, I decided to get this smaller screen size and then wait a year before getting a larger screen - with presumably even newer technology built in. When I do that, this 40 incher will go into the other "secondary" location. Anyhow, sitting eight feet away from this 40-inch screen actually works out extremely well. Those of you who may not have the bigger bucks to spend on a larger screen will not have to worry if your viewing spot is around eight feet from the screen. It really works well.Lastly, the price and the post-price guarantee from Amazon is purty darn good. This set has fluctuated in price since my purchase. It went down around $35, and I quickly called Amazon, and they credited me for that difference. Then it went up higher than my original purchase price, and I just smiled. Then the price went down to $1575 within the "30-day from shipping date" period, so I called Amazon again, and again they credited my account. What great service!I have patronized Amazon for years, but had never purchased a "big ticket" item before. This latest experience has certainly eliminated any qualms I may have had about buying expensive electronics from Amazon. Thank you folks!
I received this TV 10 days ago and am thrilled at the picture quality.  A large part of my decision on what HDTV to buy was real user reviews at Amazon and to a lesser extent technical reviews.  The delivery process was flawless, the set-up easy, and the results everything I was hoping for.  I added an antenna to get on-air local channels and upgraded my Directv service to HD for $20.  I also bought a Samsung V9700 up-converting DVD player. WOW!! New life for my current DVD collection. For the time being I am satisfied with the speakers on the TV but will upgrade that at Christmas.  Thanks Amazon for saving me over $600 over CC and BB on the pair.Note: For those who buy a HDTV to watch only SD and complain about the picture: What??????  For those who buy a HDTV to watch DVD's without an up-converting DVD player and complain that they can't see a difference: What???? Seriously, HDTV is a system of media and equipment that provides a superior viewing experience.  You can get all the equipment you need at Amazon and Directv will give you HD service with a DVR for about $20.  It is that simple.Thanks for the reviews, fellow Amazon's!!
The product was exactly what I was looking for since I lost my original cable. The product was easy to use and worth the price.The only problem I had was in the DELIVERY of the cable.  It as supposed to arrive before Christmas  I received it the Tuesday after Christmas which mess up my picture taking. I was unable to download pictures. I would rate delivery POOR.
Delivery was quite efficient. The Sony cable works well as I used it to export pictures from my camera. I have found no issues with it so far.
This card is great for holding large amounts of photo's. Easy to download to computer. Fast delivery, fair price
This is a good lens case and exactly what I needed and ordered. Several size lens will fit in this case.When compared with local store prices this one was a steal.This was not an Amazon filled item however the dealer provided prompt delivery and the product was of very good quality.
Both speakers work great in tandem together. They don't look bulky in the living room and don't take up a lot of space. They have really enhanced the viewing pleasure of my television set with this great sound. Delivery was prompt and they have worked great.
I read the reviews from others both on and off this site before purchasing this product. Specs boasts a respectful frequency response of 45-50KHz frequency at a max of 150 watts. Since the vast majority of the comments were positive and the price was less than a $100.00 for a pair of Sony floor standing speakers, I decided to give it a shot. Once again, the delivery was very timely. After unpacking the speakers, I was not prepared for the weight of each enclosure and how solid each felt. I replaced my front LR speakers of my 1000 watt 5.3 surround (yes ... I have 3 active subwoofers) with these and re-calibrated and re-balanced my system. Tested the setup with HD televised programs of STAR WARS, UNDERWORLD, MATRIX, WIZARD OF OZ and miscellaneous high action shows I couldn't be more pleased!!! Everything sounded awesome. After fiddling and tweaking my sound system for years ... for me ... my quest is now over and I can just finally sit back, relax and enjoy the sounds instead of fiddling with my system and the settings on my remote.
So I purchased the Sony's thinking 2 for this price and read several of the reviews were so positive why not give them a chance.Packaging IMO= barely acceptable. Nothing was broken but I can see how things can easily break during shipping/delivery.They were shipped fairly quickly after I placed the order (Thx Amazon)!They have a decent finish to them but honestly could have used some more work. The wood feels a little thin/cheap and if one scratches a corner by accident you will see that cheap wood. Were as on some thing w/a higher quality finish may at least have a primer. Harder to see through the scratches and into the wood. If that makes sense? Whatever...First thing I always do when I get a new pair of speakers is see how the &#34;drivers&#34; feel. So I gently press on the woofer with my fingers and see how easily it flex's. Why do I do this, because only A. a cheap woofer will flex easily or B. it's a used woofer.With this I could honestly NOT tell if they were just cheap or perhaps used, but all of the drivers flexed wayyyy too easily IMO. I'm and avid car stereo audiophile and have been installing systems for 18 years, homes stereos only for myself but I'm familiar w/how a woofer should feel/flex!I hooked them up to my Yamaha rx-v461 and they sounded ok. My concern was the &#34;Hall&#34; sound I was getting from them being a four way set up. Doesn't matter what setting I had it on the receiver, I would still get that odd sound. (This was also with the rest of my Klipsch surround speakers, I tried stereo, no change!)Next I hooked them up to another receiver, a Sony DH-720 and although they sounded much better on this receiver I still had that Hallish unbalanced sound!(Read reviews that 4 way speakers are not well balanced on many cheaper builds and I think that is the case w/these).Side by side of my Klipsch F-20's, the Sony's were a complete disappointment IMO. Yes they can get loud but the sound was not well balanced from them. So I'm unfortunately returning them and just sticking with the Klipsch until I can afford bigger towers w/an 8&#34; sub. I basically wanted a 2nd pair of towers w/a little more power but these IMO don't even compare to my Klipsch, they're not even in the same level. I guess my bedroom speakers are on hold. LOL. Cheers, hope this info helps.
These pair of Sony Speakers will give  your high priced Klips or Polks a run for the money any time. They look expensive and modern in your living room plus they put out crisp highs , clear mids and just about adequate lows for your music or movies.Do not be deceived by the imposing picture on Amazon description: yes they are tall  but not fat. Do not worry about delivery weight because UPS usually deliver them in two separate packages instead of one gigantic package as you might expect. And yes, you may be able to lift and position them as you like. I hesistated for too long before ordering them because I was worried that should UPS leave them at the door I might not be able to carry them upstairs by myself but alas they are not that heavy.Unless you're one of the incurable audiophiles these speakers would serve your music and movie needs. No need to spend arm and legs on expensive speakers. I love the sound reproduction and they look cool too.
Truly amazing sound I have them with the 3000's from Sony any they just broke in and all I can say is wow they really sound great not boomy at all as I had read in other reviews just really good sound. They do it all very well I almost didn't get the powered sub (bic f12). They are well made and I didn't have any problems in delivery with the screen. I expect many years of service from them. Now I don't claim to be an audiophile I just have a good ear for sound and these bad boys deliver all the sonic bliss I need in a 850 square foot room.
Absolutely love these speakers. I got them for my dorm room up at App State and they work great.I'd definitely recommend these to anyone looking for a pair of bookshelf speakers.Great Product, Great Price, Great Delivery.5 Stars All Day Er' Day
Upon purchase of new stereo equipment, research provided information on several sets of speakers that would be a beneficial addition to the new stereo equipment I have purchased. It was decided that the Sony SS-B1000 5-1/4 Bookshelf speakers would be the best choice for the new equipment that was purchased. Since delivery, these speakers have been hooked up into our new stereo equipment and we have found them to be an excellant choice, that we highly recommend.
These Sony ss-b10000 speakers (pair) are good.They perform very well with my Sony receiver 7.1 .ThanksAmazon for the quick delivery and a very nice price.for sound and price from these Sony speakers you will bevery happy.  Good for souround sound use. Thanks jaya2.
Just so you know. . . my home theater system includes: a Sony 51-inch WEGA high-definition TV, a Sony STR-DG910 7.1-channel home theater receiver, a Sony DVP-NS77H upscaling DVD player, a pair of Sony SSF-5000 floor speakers, one Sony SSC-N5000 center channel speaker, one Sony SA-W2500 150-watt subwoofer, and a pair of Sony SSB-1000 bookshelf speakers for the surrounds. Everything is Sony. Everything works with one remote control, which came with the receiver. (My review is based on these components being used together, which is why I'm including all this info.)The Sony STR-DG910 7.1-channel home theater receiver is amazing!!! I purchased this receiver to replace a 20-year-old Pioneer amp, and I am impressed with everything except its volume.  It's definitely not earth-shaking. In fact, it's not very loud at all. First, kudos to J&R; for quick delivery, and the receiver was boxed well and arrived in perfect condition. Hooking up everything was quite easy. Inputs and outputs are clearly labeled. If you use heavy-gauge speaker wire - and I use 12-gauge - then speaker connection is somewhat of a chore. Once everything is connected, however, receiver set-up is, bluntly, time-consuming (but in a good way). There are a lot of bells and whistles. You will definitely need to read the instruction manual. Let me say that again: READ THE MANUAL!! You will need to spend a couple hours (at least!) to set up your entire home theater system and tweak everything to your satisfaction. Most of this time will be spent adjusting the speaker settings. You should watch several movies (or listen to several CDs) while toying with the settings, and there are settings and adjustments for EVERYTHING!!! I would have liked more EQ control, though, which is my only real complaint. The three HDMI inputs are a great feature. The remote control is average, no backlighting, and clunky. As I already noted, I expected earth-shaking volume, but this receiver is not very loud. Still, this receiver is worth the money and I rate it four stars - would have been five if it had been earth-shaking. I hope this review helps you.
On the product itself I did not find a major difference with the other cheap compound that came with my processor. The service for delivery was efficient though and it was well packed.
Use this in all builds from i7 to single cores. Have been around the block with other products of the same. This is the best. Example: My i7 950 runs @ 28C loaded. 35C with other products. The same with my i5 2500K. Granted I do have aftermarket coolers and they are needed. Arrived in perfect shape, packed well, and early delivery. Amazon is the place to purchase it.
I saw other models in local stores but this caught my eye. I took into consideration reviews from other customers who sounded like they knew what they were talking about. Everyone has different preferences so some tweaking is necessary. The video colors are vivid and I have received compliments on it's stylish design. The delivery time was even faster than they promised. All in all a very worthwhile purchase.UPDATE: I've had it for 2 years and it's still working. 5 Stars(Dec 2009)
I needed a subwoofer for my vizio soundbar so I called vizio, they recommended this subwoofer.  After a complete search I found the unit was cheaper and had faster delivery than any other source.  The unit was delivered rapidly and undamaged and works very well.
Purchased this for use in a LG brand phone. Has worked flawlessly with that product, and a few others I have occasionally used it with. Timely delivery and came with adapters to fit more easily into any computer/printer port.
Great supplier, great product, speedy delivery, great price. . . what more needs to be said!
It's just a housing that extends the connector to a standard size. Some day soon, our computers will probably have the mini reader built in, till then, this lets you use the standard size most people have.Don't waste your $ at a brick and mortar, delivery was quick and product is exactly the same, minus the extra packaging.They're so cheap, buy 2. If you're like me, you'll lose one soon enough.
Not a set that one who fidgets or rolls about--like yours truly--can nod off with. Despite their relatively small size, the ear cups tend towards the bulky side. On a plane at 20,000 feet or in a recliner at home, I never could develop (or ever wanted to, for that matter) a sleep habit where keeping my head facing straight forward was mandatory for achieving rest. The white noise screech that that irritates whenever an ear cup is pressed upon or repositioned as I toss around is irritating and not very conducive to relaxing, to say the least. Well at least now I have discovered a training tool in the A-T ATH-ANC7...should I ever desire acquiring that stoic, straight-ahead head position (NOT).Comfort complaints aside, the ATH-ANC7 is for me a good if overtly bright sounding headphone set that happens to have noise cancellation capability that actually does a decent job of muting unwanted outside noises. It's been decades since I've dealt with any Audio-Technica products (the last being a run of phono cartridges that curiously shared in a propensity towards bright sound themselves, back in a time when I young and unworldly enough that I actually didn't mind extreme overemphasis of wanton treble...which the ANC7 has in spades when the noise cancellation circuitry is switched on. Despite the onslaught of the decades and untold subwoofers and sundry over-steroided, over-amped front stage speakers assailed on my ears, I still maintain some resemblance of balance when it comes to over-tweaking of the bass and treble. While the ANC7 does good work in the mid to lower ranges, the top end is generally a bit much when the noise circuitry is in play.But turn the circuitry off and the tonal balance suddenly sounds a lot better to my ears. The sound quality is actually quite pleasant, with nice imaging and an expansive and uncluttered sonic delivery. Still a bit on the bright side, but a more pleasurable listening experience for me. Trouble is, it goes a long way in short-circuiting the whole reason for buying the ANC7: the noise cancellation function.Hardware-wise, I wasn't impressed with the included cable. It's a bit on the thin side but with miniplugs on both ends at least it's easier to find a replacement if this one gets damaged or lost. The headband is a bit on the tight side for my larger head, so I hope it'll soften up over time. I won't be putting away my Sennheiser HD600 or HD650 sets anytime soon for everyday home listening, but I still do suspect that the ANC7 will still see a fair share of use with my portable devices.In the end the sound of the ANC7 is quite good, particularly when the NC is not being used, and decent when it is switched on. Good performance and value for the street price here on Amazon. But it would be a lot nicer if only they were a bit more comfortable...and more friendly for those times when I wouldn't mind nodding off.
I did an extensive search over a couple of months and concluded that Audio-Technica ATHANC7 Noise-canceling Headphones were the absolute best technology for the money.  When I got them I was prepared to do a return if they weren't up to my demands but they were!  I'm wearing them as I type this!They are not absolutely and emphatically perfect but they are as close as I could get.  The guys at the Bose store throw spit ball at me as I pass by now.Amazon did a great job with the price and delivery.I note that the adverb for cancel can be either cancelling OR canceling.
This will not be a technical evaluation with all of the specs.... If you need that, go to the Audio-Tecnica website.I was in a position to purchase the Bose QC-2 headphones and then I started reading the reviews. Sure the sound was typical Bose and highly praised, but wait... They fell apart within two years even with minimal use??? Not for my $300 bucks!I started the search for a comparable headset and it kept ending at the Audio Tecnica ATH-ANC7 headphones. Not only did Amazon have them discounted for over half the list price, but that price was $200 bucks less then the Bose. I decided to ordered them through Amazon (Electronics Expo) and they arrive in one piece three days before the promised delivery date. Packaging was acceptable and there was no shipping damage.Removing them from the box and putting in the battery, I was ready to go. The accessories are minimal but exactly what I needed. There is an airline plug, a cable and a 1/4" phone plug. The case is perfect for travel and the minuscule AAA (provided) offers up 60 hours of listening. Very good start...They are well made and fit very comfortably. The construction is solid and I have not read of any breakage with the frames. Mine are too new to tell.Since my job involves a tremendous amount of travel, I needed everything this headset offered. (The ANR was top of the list as I started my search.) The sound of screaming kids is a distant memory now on those 9 hour flights. The movies sound wonderful and my iPod Touch sounds amazing. The sound is well balanced with not too much of any one frequency and the ANR works extremely well.I would highly recommend these to anyone thinking of dropping $300 bucks on a pair of Bose. For their price, you could purchase almost three pair of these!
I have had this set for almost a month now. It has almost all the features I wanted, except a PC input. The picture quality amazes me every day. Even non HD channels look great. I have it connected to a Time-Warner HD DVR box. Also a Samsung DVD player with 1080i up-scaler using an HDMI cable [also purchased from Amazon].Another positive note Time-Warner remote also has aspect ratio control button.All in all a terrific set would buy again. On a side note Amazon's free delivery was a big plus; they did call to schedule the delivery.
I had to buy a USB hub when I bought my optical drive for my new computer. The the expected delivery date was for a week and a half away. It arrived in five days flat. When I saw it online, I thought it would be much bigger. However, it's a tiny little thing. Not saying that is bad at all! I have so far installed my printer using the Hub and watched part of a movie. Glad I bought it!
This mini hub is fantastic, takes little room and works great for expanding the very few number of USB slots that a Netbook Laptop has.  It's dimensions, those that really count are 2&#34; x 2&#34; by 0.5&#34; thick with a 6+&#34; connecting lead.  The size in the description on Amazon is very misleading, which gives a size of 6&#34;, that's pretty lame when the actual hub is only 2 inches square, and the lead length is 6 inches!  It provides the needed speed for connecting and downloading/uploading up to 4 flash drives. It takes up very little space and it's super convenient.  I would recommend this to anyone.  It is very reasonably priced and the delivery was super fast. I've had this USB Mini Hub for a month and a half and it hasn't fumbled yet.  I know a month and a half doesn't seem long but when it comes to electronic devices you can tell with a few hours to a few days whether it meets the grade or not, and this baby does.
I was surprised to see the UPS person at my door so soon. I wasn't expecting the delivery until a week from the day. The packaging was really good. I was able to install it on my desktop with ease.My desktop is really fast now. Only problem is with the 32bit Windows which would not recognize more than 3.5GB. Microsoft is offering 64 bit version conversion of my Vista at $10.00. I have ordered it and is waiting for its delivery. Wish everyone shipped like amazon.ThanksVijay
I can't believe I'm the first to review this set on Amazon.  It was delivered yesterday.  I ordered Monday.  Eagle called on Thursday to schedule delivery and we settled on 1 - 5 PM on Friday.  About 4:30 on Friday, the Eagle truck showed up with my two TV's.  Also bought a Samsung 6187S DLP/LED set for the kids to play games on.  Anyway, Eagle sent two guys out for the delivery.  They brought both sets in and unpacked them and then waited until I connected the cable and made sure they were working.  Overall, I couldn't ask for a better experience.I was very hesitant to order big ticket electronics like this over the web but contrary to the experience others have reported everything went very well.As for the 63" Samsung plasma, the picture is fantastic and the styling is much nicer than the Panasonic 65".  It's on par with the Pioneer Elite series, very classy gloss black bezel and stand.  Reflections and glare are very well controlled.  The compact size of the plasma screen is amazing.  The 6374 is replacing a Mitsubishi 73" CRT rear projection behemoth.  The plasma screen is 4 inches deep vs 30 inches for the Mistsubishi.  My wife always hated the Mitsubishi and loves the Samsung.So far, the TV has only been hooked up to digital cable.  I can't wait to see this thing hooked up to Blue-Ray.  Hope this helps anyone trying to make a decision.
The one Star rating is on the Company-Superior Electronic Outlet and not the product. I have not used the product to give a rating. I am writing a Review on Superior Electronic Outlet as a Second Party Seller for Amazon for this product. I ordered this item from Superior Electronic Outlet and cancelled the order on the same day. The order was shipped the next day. I received the SanDisk within four days and I submitted a request to return this item the same day of delivery. This request required an approval from Superior Electronic Outlet. I submitted three "Return Requests" without any response from the company. Be careful when ordering from Second Party Sellers because it may require a lot of time to resolve and return the item. I have bought several items from Second Party Sellers without any problems but Superior Electronic Outlet has given me a reason to be cautious in the future. Amazon has filed an A-Z Claim with Superior Electronic Outlet that may take 1-2 weeks to resolve.
fast delivery, good quality, works fine, no problem, works with my panasonic gh3,everything ok supports record video mov 72mb best quality about 2 hours record...good
Great price, worked great in my Canon T3i Rebel camera,I highly recommend the San Disk product line. I have never had a problem using this card, great seller fast delivery.
Delivery was fine.  The Sony camera instructions weren't certain this card would work, but it has. My pictures have turned out fine and I've ample room for movies.  I'm elated  with this card!
16 gb is perfect. What I really like is the 45 mbs. Have not used that part yet, but have loaded them in my camera for tomorrow's shoot. Delivery was fast and 2 days early! I have used 32 gb with 30 mbs, but too much memory left over. 30 mbs is too slow a  transfer to computer rate for me. 32 gb has 899 raw files and that is a lot more than I care to use in one place. I'm sure these faster speeds should work well. Good shopping experience. I plan to order many more.
I bought this product because I like this brand very much and it worked perfectly. Price was right and delivery time met.
I am using these for my rear surround speakers and they sound great. Very crisp and clear sound. These came from ABT electronics. Very fast service! They arrived two days after I ordered them, even before the scheduled delivery date!!! Very happy with their service.
Many years ago, I built my own speakers using Altec-Lansing theater-quality components because it was the only way at the time to deliver true bass all the way down to 20 hz.  I even put them on an oscillator to confirm they met manufacturer spec.  (If you've never tried this, it's a blast to run a bass speaker from 20hz to 50hz to see how it performs.)Why bother?  Because there is this line where bass crosses over from bass that you "hear" to bass that you FEEL.  When you feel it, it puts the sexy back into your music.For movies, it makes ALL of the action more believable and real.These little beasts do exactly that.  I wasn't expecting them to deliver "the feel" but they do.  That's why I'm gonna keep 'em, even if they do cost more than the other junk out there.One reason you're paying more is for sheer amp power.  At the same time, I compared these to cheaperSony SA-W3000 Subwoofer (Each, Black).  Did I say comparison?  No comparison.  You could barely hear the Sonys at all by comparison.  (And the Sonys are just huge and fugly.  The Definitives are small and sleek.)Another reason is, again, you are getting honest delivery down to the 20hz range.  My friends used to sometimes complain "turn the bass down" because the sub-woofers I was using only went down to 40hz.  They weren't feeling it, they were hearing it, and the boominess was drowning out the rest.  I was trying to get "the feel" with sub-woofers (three of them) that just weren't going to deliver.I've done a lot of A-B testing with two of these babies vs. my three other subs working together.  It's a really interesting experiment you should try sometime.  I tried everything from an old Allman Brothers Live CD to huge movie action scenes on Blu-Ray.  My three old subs are OK.  Not bad, not bad at all.But the two Definitive Technology subs (in a big room - 14' x 20+') just make you go "Wow".  They put out so much, they actually move across the floor when you crank it up.  I will need to tie these down, no exaggeration.You know, you go to all this trouble to set up your sound for home theater and music with the latest tech.  Then you feel like skimping on the subs, because hey who's going to know?  Don't.With these guys, you do spend a couple hundred more, but the result is a smile on your face because you feel like you got the sexy back.Having built some state-of-the-art stuff myself, I can recognize good work.Good work, Definitive.  I was considering building my own again, but you've made that unnecessary.  Which is great 'cause I don't have the time anymore.
I've only had this for a little under a day, but I'm pretty impressed by the sound from this tiny little sub.  It's replacing a Mirage NanoSub that suddenly died.  I realize that this sub hasn't had time to properly get broken in, so I'll probably update this if my experience changes later on.It's stunning that such deep bass comes from such a tiny sub.  Even after seeing the dimensions in the product description, I was still just a bit surprised by it's size.  It's considerably smaller than it's predecessor which was not exactly a big sub either.I should also mention that the layout of that back panel on mine is different than what is on Amazon's picture.  The various knobs and hook-ups are moved.  The most notable difference, though, is that mine has a power switch next to the power cord connection.  The only things missing is a switch to turn it from always on to auto power off.  I've always left mine on auto mode anyways, so that isn't really an issue for me, but some people might want it.On the sound front, this thing does very well.  Compared to my other, the bass just seems more detailed and precise.  Initially it didn't seem that it integrated well with my system.  The bass seemed completely separate from the other sounds - it didn't fit in, but after around 6 hours of near continuous play this has worked itself out.  The ProSub is front firing with a bottom firing passive radiator, so you can imagine my surprise at how much more I can feel this bass shaking the floor than I could with the other which is a downward firing sub with a front facing port.  The only area that the Prosub falls a little is in the volume dept.  It may loosen up in time, and room placement can make a big difference.  I have the volume up at around 2/3-3/4 to fit with the sound from the sound system.  I am by no means someone who likes to rock heavy bass, but I do like to be able to feel it a little.  I start getting a little nervous when I have to push things up near their max.Two other things. 1: the crossover knob apparently only does anything if you use the speaker wire inputs into the sub.  If you use the LFE RCA plug to hook to a receiver, the crossover is controlled by the receiver and not the knob on the sub.  2: They make a big deal in the manual about how any defects, bumps, blemishes, etc. are the result of abuse during shipping and not something they would allow out of the factory...to the point that they say something to the effect of you should report the delivery company if it doesn't arrive in flawless condition.  Well, mine has one foot that didn't get screwed down completely tight.  I'm pretty sure that wasn't rough handling, but a miss by the QC people at Definitive.  Doesn't seem to affect anything, but they did make a big deal.
Before I begin I must be clear in mentioning that I'm comparing these headphones to my cheaper Klipsch Image One headphones. The Klipsch retail for about $50 cheaper than the Sennheiser HD25-1 II, but I got them on Amazon for $70 during a sale. Unlike some of the low rated reviewers, I did get the same headphones as shown in the pics with the double band. I was a little disappointed with the quality build once again in comparison with the cheaper Klipsch. One reviewer mentioned that the ESPN analysts use these headphones which I confirmed after watching a few sports games so I was excited to get these. So lets get to the details.Sound = Wow, the delivery was very light. I listen to these headphones with no assisted power and with three different FiiO headphone amplifiers (E6, E7, & E11). Those of you who are familiar with FiiO know that the E7 has two outputs that allow you to listen to two headphones at the same time. I also used the L3 & L9 LOD connectors for my iPod. There is no comparison. The Klipsch has a fuller mid-range, richer bass, and slightly better highs. The Klipsch is also overall louder. For $200 headphones, I was expecting the Sennheiser to blow the Klipsch away but it was the other way around. I know Sennheiser enthusiasts with disagree, but don't comment until you compare both yourself. Trust me when I say that Klipsch is a better product. Is there a better Sennheiser model to compete with the Klipsch Image One? Probably, but at what cost. Once again Sennheiser HD25-1 II sales for $200 and the Klipsch Image One is averaging about $100.Quality = Its not the fact that the material is plastic, but its cheap plastic. Cheap looking and cheap feel to it. I actually thought I got a ripoff or bootleg model when I opened the box. I did however like the fact that the headphones came with interchangeable soft felt ear covers. I also prefer the durable cable quality of the Sennheiser over the Klipsch.Price = Well, you know where I'm going with this. A lot of people agree that Beats By Dre are overpriced. Really? Compared to the HD25-1 II the Beats By Dre are a steal. I can't justify buying these headphones based on my personal experience in both the sound and quality.Overall = Some reviews say that these headphones need a break-in period. There was no break-in requirement for the Klipsch. There is a positive to the Sennheiser HD25-1 II. It took a $200 hit to appreciate just how good the Klipsch Image One headphones are. The true deciding factor for me is when I used my FiiO E7 to listen to both pairs of headphones at the same time. The performance of the HD-1 II left me in denial. Once again Klipsch has made a believer out of me.
hello,this product from ram is for the etrex size gps units.  you clip the etrex snugly into the holder and it can swivel anywhere you want.  just remember to tighten the screw lever to secure it.  the suction cup on the bottom is very strong and the simple locking lever works extremely well.  for the etrex, it is an excellent product. the etrex is snug and some of the side function buttons are not out in the open because of the snug holder.  but, the buttons can still be used.i bought the shorter 3 inch replacement arm and 1/4 inch camera mount to make this gps mount more versatile.  now, i can mount my digital camera or camcorder to this shorter arm and it is more secure than the longer stock arm.  still, it is a great product and very well made.  the amazon delivery was outstanding !
Bought the Ram Mount to hold my GPS while traveling to my favorite ice fishing spots on the Saginaw Bay. Unit holds the GPS securely and does not vibrate while encountering the cracks or bumps on the ice.Suction mount has a knob to allow easy removal from the mounting surface. I use it after each fishing trip to remove the GPS from the Argo plastic windshield and store it in the house.Amazon price, including shipping, was very competitive. Delivery was right on schedule.Would purchase again!
Item as described.  Great product for the price.  Prompt delivery. It does what it is supposed to do. Handy to have in all respects.
Fast delivery and product description was great. I use this with a Motorola Xoom tablet. It installed without a problem and works great.
I caught this during a 2 or 3 day sale and got it from Amazon for $1,299.  It's already back up to $1,700+ everywhere I look.  So right off, I'm already pleased with the price, but now that I've used the TV for a bit, I'm giggity.The picture is fantastic.  The 1080p makes it unbelievable when viewing HD signals.  Why anyone would even consider buying a 720p HDTV these days is ludicrous, IMHO.  It took a lot of tweaking of the picture, iris, and all the other settings to finally get it where I wanted it.  And the cool thing is that you can regulate a million different settings for EACH input.  So I have different picture settings for my Dish, my over the air HDTV antenna, and my upscaling DVD player.The 120Hz engine in this thing is remarkable.  The smoothness of sports or fast action is VERY noticeable when compared to 60Hz LCD or Plasma TVs.  As soon as you enable the anti-blur stuff, it's mind blowing the quality, sharpness, and delivery.  I have a $89 Sony upscaling DVD player hooked up to my Bravia and it is INSANE how good and amazing it looks!  It looks like I'm watching it on Blu-Ray!  I don't now exactly what it definitive reason it all looks so good, but I have to imagine that the combination of the 120Hz stuff, HDMI, and the 1080 upscaling DVD player all make it just mind boggling!I bought a $40 HDTV over the air antenna and put it in my attic.  I'm watching my local channels in HD with no problem at all and it looks fantastic!! Forget ANYTHING you knew about using an antenna and expecting static, fuzziness, etc.  My antenna picture actually looks better than cable box HDTV!!Now my .1% downers.  My 2 problems are mundane and probably would not effect most people.  One, if you use an AV receive or home theater and even though TV has a million input jacks on the back, you really can't drive audio through the TV without losing your digital audio.So if you hook up a DVD player to your TV with HDMI, even though a Dolby signal is sent to the TV, the TV changes all audio signals to 2 channel PCM.  Even is you use the Digital out on the TV and send it to your Home Theater, you still get 2 channel PCM signal.  In order to watch a DVD but still get full Dolby/DTS surround, you have to use a HDMI to your TV, but still have a digital audio cable from your DVD straight to your AV/Home Theater receiver.  I find this completely annoying for now I have to change the video input on my TV when switching components.  Then I have to switch audio components on my receiver to match.  Was hoping to just drive all the video and audio through my TV.  But if you don't care about sound quality and dont mind the downmixed 2 channel audio, then this is a non-factor.The other thing that is annoying me is that the remote that comes with the TV will do EVERYTHING, including control my DirecTV DVR.  Sweet!!  Except....you can only program it for ONE model AV/Home Theater...and it has to be a specific Sony model.  So while I can control my DVD, TV, and DirecTV functions, I CANNOT control the volume of anything since all the sounds go through my Home Theater.  So now I'm going to have to go purchase a 3rd party programmable remote.  So this is really just a personal gripe and in no way detracts from the overall quality and wow factor of this TV.Overall, I really am just amazed with it.  But Sony has announced that it is getting out of the rear projection business.  It's a real shame for even Crutchfield says that this SXRD line might just be THE BEST HDTV on the market.  At this point, I couldn't agree more.
I am absolutely stunned with the quality of this TV.  I was originally set on getting a 50" Panasonic plasma, but whenever I visited Circuit City to look at TVs I kept coming back to this one.  The colors were so realistic and the picture so smooth.  So I finally decided that I'd be happier with a bigger 60" LCOS than a 50" plasma, and save about $700.  I've had absolutely no regrets.I have the TV hooked up to my Media Center PC via HDMI and both movies and games (PC and Xbox 360) look fantastic in 1080p.  I don't use the built in speakers, so I can't comment on those.  The onscreen controls are usable enough, and once you set the picture profiles you can just hit a button to scroll through them.  I don't change them that much anyway, I keep it on "standard".  I like that the input menu says the type of input (HDMI, Component, SVideo, etc), unlike some other brands that I've seen (like a Sharp that had Input 1, Input 2, etc) where you have to remember what's what.I view the TV from about 12' and it's perfect.  I'm glad I went with the 60".  Also, the viewing angle is pretty wide for a projection.  I sit on a couch in the middle of my room, so 170 deg viewing isn't important anyway.The best price I could find was at Video Only, which was $300 less than Circuit City, with free delivery.  I've owned this TV for about 3 months.
Not much more to add to all the previous reviews except to say that all the raves are well deserved.  After a lot of research, I found the lowest online price from a reputable merchant ( beware of scam artists).  The problem was that it would take 10-14 days for delivery.  I talked to my local P.C.Richards and, once they knew that I was willing to buy it on the spot, they matched the online price and delivered it the next day!  I saved over $300 off their SALE price!The tv is just perfect.  Awesome HD picture, excellent SD picture, very good sound for tv viewing but I use external audio system for the movies.The best part is, since I am not a techie, I did not need to adjust anything.  The factory settings were just perfect.  A true "plug & play".The picture quality is better than my other,2 yr old, LCD HD-TV.I have just ordered a 1080p capable Toshiba A-30 HD-DVD player.  Can't wait to see how much better a 1080p picture would look when 720p, normal HD, is so incredible.Thanks to the suggestion of a previous reviewer, Shankar Kurra, I bought Pinnacle Design tv stand rather than Sony's.  It is far better, prettier, classier and cheaper. You can order it online from Best Buy.
I did a lot of research before deciding to purchase this TV.  I am so glad that I did (both the research and buying the Sony).First, you have to go out to your local brick-and-mortar stores, and look at all of the TV's with your eye.  When you do, you'll see like I did, that the Sony just looks better.The main competitor that I considered for the Sony, was the DLP "it's the mirrors" brand.  When you go look at them though, it is silly how much better the Sony is.  Sony Bravia at 120 Hz, get outta here, there is nothing better.  The DLP looks like Wizard of Oz colors.  All bright and rainbowy and not at all realistic.  Do some people actually like that?  The Sony color trueness is unmatched.There are so many features packed into this TV, and all of them are awesome.  There is way too much for me to review.  OK this TV is ginormous and all my friends are jealous.  You need to get one.I have had 0 problems with my TV.  I live in Denver, so I set it to "high altitude mode".  Yes it has a high altitude mode.  I have this TV hooked up to my home theater, my satellite box, my Xbox 360, my PS3, my Gamecube, and my Nintendo, all at once!  Hello nest of cables!  Yes there's a hole to plug in everything, with some left over, amazing.Like Peyton Manning says, they shoot the game in Sony High Def, the best experience is to watch it in Sony High Def.Buying this TV on Amazon was a dream.  I shopped it out intensely, and made the purchase a couple days before Christmas, when the price had dipped down quite a bit lower, than I see it listed for today on Amazon.  It pays to shop.  I paid over $500 less than my local BB and CC brick and mortar electronics outlets were asking.  Plus the Amazon service plan costs half as much as BB and CC.  Plus no tax when you buy on Amazon.  Plus Amazon will ship this bad boy right to your door and some nice gentlemen will carry it right into your house!  BB and CC will charge you 60 bucks extra for that kind of service!  You will save yourself a lot of time and hassle, with a TV this big, by just purchasing it online.  It is too big to put in the back of a normal pickup, you can't lay it on its side.  So I was looking at a delivery charge anyway.  Amazon is the way to go, I'm telling you.
Five stars to Amazon, the delivery service and most importantly the TV.Amazon: cheapest price around AND if you buy from Amazon... for thirty days after your purchase, if you see they (Amazon, not other retailers) have lowered the price, you can request a refund of the difference.  I saved $100 doing this (dropped in price two days after I bought it).  Just keep your eye open and send a message to customer service if you see the price drop (quick, cos it can go up as well as down).Delivery service: came when it said it would, was unpacked for me and placed on my TV stand.TV: first things first, the TV itself just looks amazing.  The illuminated Sony logo is pointless but cool.  Not having HD cable yet, I had to plug it into my regular cable box.  At first I was horrified with the result, until I realised that the "vivid" picture setting was the cause of the awful picture (why would anyone use it??), and switched it to the much smoother "cinema".  The menus are very nice indeed and easy to use, with shortcuts to sound, picture etc so you don't have to navigate a massive hierarchy.  I'm still figuring out how to use it, so this may be my fault not the TVs, but the first thing I did was to watch Transformers, and I noticed that during fast action scenes such as when the robots change into cars and vice versa it would all become a bit of a blur (no, I hadn't been drinking).  I tried fiddling with the motion settings, and it seemed to be a trade-off between blurriness and pixelatedness.  That aside, I'm very happy indeed with it.  I'm not a purist when it comes to my home setup, I just want a large TV that looks great in my living room, and decent picture.  This TV gives me that much.
Sony Bravia XBR KDL-52XBR4 52-Inch 1080p LCD HDTVThis tv is better than advertised!  I'd done quite a bit of research and after reading all of the reviews decided on the Sony 52XBR4.  I was apprehensive about buying something this expensive online but I've always had great service through Amazon so I took the plunge.Amazon pricing was among the best around and the free white glove delivery was a bonus.  The tv arrived earlier than expected by over a week.  Delivery service was excellent.Whe I plugged it in and hooked up my HD DVR, we were in awe of the picture.  It was better than anything we'd seen in stores and exceeded our expectations.  The picture is unbelievable with this full-featured HDTV.After a recent experience with a 42 inch plasma television,we decided to purchase an extended warranty and after some research found it can be purchased directly through Sony.  A 4 year in-home extended warranty was $329 - signifcantly less than some other on-lne aftermarket companies.  If you are interested in extending your warranty, I recommend checking with Sony directly.In conclusion, I've never been caught up in the Sony brand name quest but I am a new convert.  You will not be disappointed with this TV!!!!!!!  It is worth every single penny.
I already have a Sony Bravia 46" flat-screen that I got about a year and a half ago.  This new 52" XBR is SO much better...The advancements in technology are apparent.  You can watch this set from any comfortable angle.  Blacks are SO good!  This has been a sort of problem with earlier LCD televisions.  A non reflective screen as well and I think that all plasmas are highly reflective.  You see this LCD set and you definitely see the future of all flat-panels.  Colors are actually breathtaking.  You will certainly have your time of constantly saying "This is just amazing."  I assure you that if you have High Def content fed into this set, you'll be absolutely amazed. Especially Blu Ray!!!Please remember the calibrations.  Setting them correctly makes a BIG difference.  Not that out of the box, it doesn't look fantastic, but with the fine tuning of the setting can make a big personal difference.  Check out the blogs on the internet to find out what others are doing with this television.It is truly a masterpiece.  It looks so good, even when it's off.This is the stuff of fantasy.  If you're reading this then you are wondering whether the upgrade to XBR is worth the extra money.  All I can tell you is that since I didn't also buy a 52" standard version of this set, I have no idea of knowing whether it is or not.  Also, all I can say is that this television is truly amazing!  Hook up to a Blu Ray DVD player and I'm in video heaven.  The picture is LETTER perfect, even if you watch it from five inches away.  Why would you do this?  But the image is THAT good.  Photographic.  Astonishing!  Blu Ray is certainly the winning high def format (I have both) and the prices of Blu Ray players are now somewhat reasonable.  You can really do all of your shopping on Amazon.  Receivers.  Speakers too.Plenty of HDMI hookups and not that you need it, but setup is extremely easy.The best LCD flat-screen on the market?  Perhaps.  All I can say is that you definitely won't be disappointed.The delivery arrived way ahead of schedule and the white glove delivery not only took the set out of the box, but also moved it into position and checked it out, even checking for any missing pixels.  They even took the box away.  Since this delivery service is free and if you put it on a no interest for a year Amazon store card, how can you go wrong?  Amazon stands behind this television and since there is also no sales tax....I still love my original 46" Bravia television, which is in a bedroom but the new 52" is in the television room and it is really giant!  I'm looking forward to connecting it to a HDMI Sony receiver and setting up the 5.1 surround like I have already done in the bedroom.  But the sound from the television is pretty good and has fair bass, but you'll want this baby hooked up to the proper receiver.All in all, it's a masterpiece to just behold.  If you've been in the home video area over the years, you'll be just amazed.  If you have kids, they'll probably say, "Cool, but it's just a television."It's SOME television!UPDATE 3/27/08:  Now that I've experienced this television for awhile, I have to say that I like it even better.  After adjusting the settings for both the television itself and for the Blu Ray player.  I just ordered a soon to be released Sony receiver and intend to add a Bose surround speaker system, which should complete this setup as a mini theatre.UPDATE 5/21/08  Still loving it and it is still perfect!  Once I finally set it up to my tastes, I just turn it on and watch.  DirecTv high Definition is amazing.  AMAZING!  Bly Ray is even better...
I fully agree with all of the great reviews for this TV.  Amazon also significantly beat all the local prices for this TV.Their shipper failed miserably at delivery.  They scheduled delivery when they didn't actually have the TV.  I might still not have the TV if I hadn't spent quit a bit of time on the phone with both the shipper and Amazon.  The shipper was "CEVA" who apparently couldn't care less about actually delivering the TV or keeping track of its whereabouts.  They also failed to send two delivery people with a 52" TV.  Amazon's customer service people are infallibly polite, but failed to encourage the shipper they selected to perform.The bottom line is that it took me five minutes to order this TV at the Amazon web site.  It then took me three days and several hours on the phone to get it delivered after the first promised delivery date.
I too researched tvs for a long time before buying the 52XBR4. I also just bought the Samsung LNT4069FX and the Sony KDL-32S3000. The XBR4 does a much better job with standard def content, although the 8300 HD/DVR box from TWCNYC is still pretty crappy. I haven't found any dead pixels or clouding. I caught a twenty eight hundred dollar deal directly from Amazon, which without tax or shipping is a great deal. Delivery was not white glove - the Eagle guys did not unpack or let me inspect the tv before leaving, but were kind enough to throw their McDonald's trash on my front lawn. BTW, the LNT does have the triple-ball effect.
i was so excited to purchase this product and thrilled to be using it on a shoot that I had coming up that I had it sent next day delivery. Im disappointed thus far but havent given up on this lens. Its super blurry and the fisheye effect that I thought it would have just isnt really there, as I thought but Im still hopeful.
Very good and reliable cable with good price and fast delivery.  Though, its not a Monster cable!!
I am fairly new with lenses and photography and this is cumbersome ..but large.  Exactly what I ordered and needed and delivery was right on time .  Looks durable and easy to manage well.
I have wireless headphones that use the old RCA jacks, but my new Yamaha receiver had a 1/4" out.  This bridged the gap perfectly & the headphones sound better than ever.  Superfast delivery.
Great price on this. Seems to be working as expected.delivery was on time.
Just a USB Flash drive. Works well, quite useful. Typical Kingston. The usual prompt delivery from Amazon. Does what I need it to do.
Great way to be able to use more cords...in case I run one over with a lawnmower or something. Stupendously cheap, too. Took a while for delivery, but it showed.
After flip flopping between this TV and the Samsung 63" and doing ton of research on avsforum. I decided to go with the Pioneer. No regrets. The TV itself is beautiful. Watching Planet earth via Blu-ray is jaw dropping. You have to mount the speakers when using the stand because if you don't, you'll have two ugly posts in between the stand and the screen. After mounting the speakers, the TV looks pretty sharp, not as sharp as the Elite where the speakers are side mounted, but good enough for the price.  No dead pixels and only a slight buzzing, about the same as my 50" panasonic. Blacks are pretty amazing compared to the Panasonic, kuro techonology definately isn't just hype.  Delivery was pretty smooth, Amazon had the incorrect phone number on file, so i'd suggest you call them and verify they give the delivery company the correct information. The tracking number was also incorrect but calling the shipping company had it resolved in 15mins. Actual delivery and setup went very smooth, the two guys hung around until we had the stand put together and TV powered up. Overall very satisfied, especially being able to save $2000+ compared to Bestbuy.
I've always been a fan of LCD flat panels and rear-projections but I'm glad I've taken a small leap of faith to try a technology that I've always been skeptical of (burn-in issues, pressure-sensitive buzzing).  After exhaustive research online at various forums and visits to see floor models at stores accompanied by chats with knowledgeable sales people, it wasn't hard to come this decision.  It looks like plasma has come a long way and sets like this Pioneer Kuro are the epitome of this technology.  The blacks, the colors, the contrast, the overal picture quality, are astounding and has met and in some ways exceeded the very high expectations I've already set for myself on this TV from all the online research I've done and glowing reviews I've read.  This is certainly better than the any LCD I've ever had and even the latest crop of 120Hz Sony's and Samsungs that came to market.Ordering this from Amazon turned out to be another excellent decision.  Not only was it the best price, but it was comforting to know that Amazon was an authorized Pioneer dealer with an excellent return policy to boot.  The TV arrived via EGL "white glove" delivery in record time (I ordered on a monday and it was delivered the following saturday!)  It was brought up to my apartment, unpacked from the box and foam, and the stand was assembled on the spot.  This was the best delivery experience I've ever had despite the fact that it was one of the largest and seemingly fragile.  I'm glad Amazon uses EGL because they are truly a top notch and service-oriented company based on this experience.Do I have anything bad to say about the TV?  Not really.  I can go on and on about how great it is but it won't be any different than what's already been said on the reviews you see online and on forums.  But if I had to be nitpicky, I'd have to say that I wish the included stand was height-adjustable for when the user decides not to install the speaker when using a multi-channel setup.  Without the speaker, the TV looks too perched-up with an exposed area beneath that is not very esthetic.  The "Elite" version (PRO-150FD) has the shorter stand and from my understanding, will fit the PDP-6010FD but Pioneer wants $400 for one.  There is also a slight buzz in my unit but it's very minor and to be honest, it's not any worse than most plasmas I've heard.  Even low volume drowns it out so it was not a big issue.  Perhaps I have just become accustomed to the many buzz-free LCD panels I've had.  None of these nitpicks warrant detracting from the 5 stars I will give this TV.One word of advice when you get this TV and plan on using it for gaming and viewing sources with lots of static images or aspect ratios that don't fill the whole screen: do a proper break-in.  Yes this TV has an orbiter and all the new technology that prevents "burn-in" but regardless, image-retention can still be an issue even with the newest plasmas despite what some store sales person might tell you.  If you do a search on the web, you will be able to find a free downloadable "plasma break-in dvd" that you burn on a dvd-r.  The one I use runs for 24 hours and the recommended break-in is 100-150 hours.  I've done the break-in and frequently play PS3 and Xbox 360 games and often view movies with 2.4:1 aspect ratios and standard definition 4:3 programming with the black side bars, and at least so far, no issues and none expected since the break-in was done properly.
I bought the TV as an open box item from Amazon. It arrived in a box which looked like it had been around the world several times, and was not sealed. It was supposed to be delivered by a "white glove" crew of two people, only one showed up, so I had to help bring the TV into the house and set it up. When turned on it only buzzed, there was no picture. The delivery man and I repacked it and put it back on the truck. I called Amazon to report a defective delivery and 3 weeks later received a full refund. I then bought a Sony rear projection from Amazon. Which I think is a much nicer TV.
Delivery was earlier than expected! Amazing noise reduction! Absolutely Perfrect! You name it....crying babies, snoring passengers, or just a noisy plan.......FORGET THE BOSE HEADPHONES, THESE HEADPHONES ARE THE TICKET (NO PUN INTENDED)!
These adapters are well made and have a solid feel.  Tight fit and did not crackle or create any line noise.  The gasket on the XLR side keeps the connection tight and the clip engages firmly.  I would recommend these to anyone that needs to go from a mic cable to a TRS connection.  Delivery was fast and you can't beat the price anywhere. (FYI - Been rocking for over 40 years and have used a lot of gear.)
The cases are excellent. The color and shape were exactly what I expected, but there was a fatal flaw in my delivery. I was sent double cases instead of the standard cases I ordered.
This sticks better than the piece that came with the Garmin.  Worth the money and quick delivery.  Would recommend it.
Based completely on the reviews here I placed my order for the GN115 at the same time as the GPS unit.First, kudos to Amazon's shipping system, although the GPS and GN115 started out from different parts of the country, they did arrive here in the same delivery two days later.The mount that shipped with the 1350 GPS is about 1/2" smaller in diameter than the Arkon, and is not adjustable. The Garmin suction cup mount is reasonably "sticky" and comes with a double-sided adhesive sticky-disc dashboard mount. It's not awful; it just isn't great.The Arkon base is 3" in diameter and the sticky base material is of heavier-duty thickness than the Garmin, slightly more pliable and well, sticky-er.The adjustable arm is notched so when you tighten the arm in place it stays in place. The tightening knob is deeply knurled and is easy to use. The GN115 also comes with a self-adhesive dashboard disc. (That;'s that round thing shown under the mount unit in the product picture.) The disc is for mounting the base somewhere other than on a windshield; most dashboards are too porous to mount the base by itself.In informal tests in my car using various surfaces, the Arkon base adheres tighter than the stock Garmin unit when the tab is down and is more stubborn when trying to release the mount. It really sticks!For adjustability and stronger "sticking power" this GN115 is a real winner.
Affordable card and card reader combo, worked on delivery.  The card reader is not made to withstand much abuse but this is not a suprise for the price.  If you're keeping it in your house and/or camera case instead of your pocket, it will last you until you no longer have a use for these classic SD cards.Pros:+ AffordableCons:- USB cap is very loose fitting; easily lost
