Item was not an OEM battery, and contrary to the title and item description, was not compatible with our laptop, despite our laptop model being included in the item description and our battery model number matching the model number of this battery. While the battery did allow the laptop to power on, and seemed to hold a charge decently, when attached to the laptop, it did not properly lock into place and was able to easily be pulled from the laptop, making it very inconvenient. Do your own research, and make sure you save the packaging in case of the need to return it. Not a bad battery overall, but I don't feel comfortable keeping what appears to be a fake/knock off battery, or a battery which can become dislodged from my laptop during normal use.
I've only been using this battery a few days now but it works fine. I was skeptical about an off brand replacement but works good.
I was extremely happy with my old s5 till it went BLACK SCREEN! I was seriously considering an upgrade to either the s7 or s8. But, a few things came up and funds grew tight so I figured that giving the far more inexpensive j7 Perx would be a tolerable short term fix. Uh oh, looks like I was wrong again! Short term nothing! How about 6 days on one charge on average? Or an incredibly brilliant screen? Or a nice jump in screen size, but not preposterously huge. The processors fast, the sound quality is great, the connectivity is tight and it is extremely user friendly.
I'm sticking with this beauty till another visit from the BLACK SCREEN OF DOOM. If it's as durable as my dear old s5, that'll be about 4years from now.
My wife and I upgraded from cheap old phones to this. The difference is incredible. The apps actually work and the phone actually works like a phone. This new phone has certainly been a blessing.
I  love this phone so much that bought one more for my husband! I wanted only a basic phone but with all new features of a smartphone I opened a new world of modern technology which makes calling and getting voice mails more manageable and organized. Thank you, Nokia, for this affordable gadget!
I bought this phone ONLY for calling function and excellent battery life and will review it from this position.Everything else (smartphone features) are not necessary for me.
I grew to hate this specific phone. Super slow, screen is not reactive many times... The camera is the slowest thing on this phone by the time it starts up you missed the shot...its only good to take pictures of mountains since they don't move much...not to mention the blurriness if you're not pefectly still... Don't even bother taking pictures in darker settings you'd just be wasting your time...
The phone was not to bad until I had problems. Sent it in for repair,after 6 weeks I finally requested ASUS to send it back to me it they could not fix it.(they would not replace it) Got it back finally and was exactly same as before. After a couple of weeks I finally gave up and bought a different type phone,very happy with it. Sold the junk one for $100.00. Cut my losses.
I  purchased this last year in 2017. I had high hopes that this phone will give me better quality than the phones I had before. I was wrong. The zenphone had a lot of issues, even till this day! The System UI would stop working randomly while I'm on app. There was lag time in my apps even my phone camera. Very inefficient. I'm quite disappointed with this purchase and I hope ASUS does a better job.
Best budget phone of 2018. I absolutely love it and the camera is amazing and i think gold is so pretty.
I'm a professional OTR truck driver, and I bought a TND 700 at a truck stop hoping to make my life easier.  Rand McNally, are you listening?First thing I did after charging it was connect it to my laptop and install the software and then attempt to update it.  The software detected a problem with my update and wanted my home address so I could be sent a patch on an SD card.  Hello?  I don't think I'm all that unusual; my home address is a PO box that a friend checks weekly and that I might get to check every six months or so.  I live in my truck and at truck stops.  If you need to make a patch available on an SD card then you should send the SD cards to the truck stops where the devices are sold.  I ran the update program multiple times until the program said that the TND 700 was completely updated.I programmed in the height (13'6"), the length (53') and the weight (80,000#) of my rig and told it that I preferred highways.  I was parked at a truck stop in the Cincinnati OH area.  My next pickup was about 15 miles down the same freeway but on the other side of it a couple of blocks.  My cell phone GPS (Sprint) said to get on the freeway to get to my pickup.  The TND 700 routed me thru 23 miles of residential streets before finally getting me to my pickup.  Very exciting, especially since every time I refused to turn down a street posted "No Trucks" the TND 700 took almost 5 minutes to figure a re-route, and it happened multiple times on that short trip.I decided to give it another chance.  After my pickup on the north side of Cincinnati just off of I-75 I needed to head to Phoenix AZ via I-71.  Easy route is to just hop on I-75 and drive west and south to the intersection of I-71.  Indeed, that is what my cell phone advised.  The TND 700, however, wanted to route me over surface streets across the city and pick up I-75 on the other side of the city.  I turned it off and the next time I passed a truck stop of the same chain I purchased it at I returned it and got my money back.I then spent $30 on a cheap printer.  Now I take a minute to set up my route on Google and print it out.  Hasn't gotten me lost yet over several cross country trips.
Well, what can I say.  I've had this unit in my truck for about four days now.  Prior to that I had a Garmin 755T non-truck GPS.  One of my favorite features in that unit was the ability to plan a route by determining mileage using the stop or via feature.  What I would do is using a map I would route myself several different ways forcing the unit by putting in stops or vias at different locations along the route, otherwise, like most GPS 's, it determines what it thinks is the best route.  I could add up to 10 Via's or stop points for each route and then based on mileage and other factors determine which is the best route to take.  Multiple stops and the ability to route was the most important reason for having the Garmin.  However it was not truck specific.  And considering I am now hauling strictly hazmat I wanted something that would take that into consideration.  After perusing various forums, review sites, and word-of-mouth my choices boiled down to the Garmin 465T or the RAND McNally Intelliroute TND 700.  Even though it was quite a bit more than the Garmin I chose the TND 700 for several reasons.  The main one being the extra screen size, and its ability to coordinate with the RAND McNally truck atlas and also its ease of updating.Now on to my first impression of the TND 700.  It seems to be an aesthetically pleasing and durably built unit.  The first thing I noticed was it's very slow to boot compared to my old Garmin.  Whether this is unique to the TND 700 or is common amongst all truck specific gps units I cannot tell, but it's really not that big of a deal.  The second thing I noticed was the overwhelming wealth of information put forth.  That might explain why the manual (available via the TND dock) is well over 100 pages long.....  There is somewhat of a learning curve with this unit.  The next thing I noticed was the complexity of entering routes.  As previously mentioned I like to force it into my preferred routing by the use of stops or vias.  That was a big no go with this unit.  While you can enter multiple stops or vias it is nowhere near as user-friendly as my old Garmin.  Furthermore there is no way you can determine total mileage on the route that you have chosen, as I could with the Garmin.  Totally flummoxed by what appeared to be an omission of one of the best routing tools a trucker could have I went online and verified through an expert source connected with RAND McNally that no, that feature was a couple updates down the line and was not available at this point.  Unbelievable.  Also forcing the unit to follow a specific route can be very challenging.  For a unit of this price, and feature laden, I find this totally unacceptable.  I am still mulling over selling this unit  and buying the Garmin 465T.  I really do like this GPS, the screen is magnificent, and the volume is awesome.Another thing I've noticed, which I do not think is unique to this unit, is some of the weird routing that it does.  I've never owned a truck specific GPS before but after playing with this one for a couple of days I get the impression that what RAND MacNally (and the others that use Navteq) has done is take a plain old car specific Navteq map and a road atlas with truck restrictions and made notifications on the map.  In most databases there is not a 100% thorough listing of every road in the country.  What I mean is that this unit will route you down roads you don't belong on.  Today while coming home it tried routing me on several  9 ton County roads.  What that means is that a truck is limited to 73280 unless the road is posted at 10 tons.  County roads do not have that restriction listed in the RAND McNally road atlas, so I believe that is why it is not listed.....  Also unacceptable in a unit of this price and sold as truck specific.  However I'd be willing to bet the other truck specific units are the same way as no one has ever done a truck specific version of NavTeq.Another bone I have to pick is the POI's. Not only the truck specific ones but the others all seem to be somewhat outdated.  I think the Garmin, at least the ones that I have used, are more current.  It would also be nice if I could add my own POI'sTo sum it up I will keep this unit a little longer to see if I can make it workable.  If not I will go back to Garmin.  I like the concept and I like the unit but at this point I'll have to say I am somewhat unimpressed.pros:Large screenterrific imagesoutstanding volumecons:inability to determine route mileage by multiple stops and viasa somewhat outdated POI information.Non-truck specific routings.Cost.
Not going to write a long review, even thought this unit deserves one. I've driven well over 1-mil miles and done most of my own routing so I pretty know whats the fastest and shortest. Have been using a basic garmin for the past three years and with ANY Gps unit they'll ALL get you in trouble if you let them. I was really excited about this unit, due to the size and the features. Allot of great grafics and on screen info thats usefull. But the most basic item that it was lacking was the gps tracking. I gave this unit allot of leadway on its mistakes due to the fact that it had allot of cool stuff that it did, but its ability to track you and route you was not even close to what the basic garmin could due. Its like the prossesor that they installed in the TND 700 was 10 years old. Example if I needed to make a simple route change I.E. in town down to the next street due to the fact that I couldn't make the turn or the street was blocked off, it would take the TND 700 upwards of 45 seconds to a minute and a half to reroute me. Here I'm sitting at a stop light waiting for directions and waiting that long with cars on my backside didn't make me happy. This is a problem that happened evertime you had to reroute, weather it was a simple street change or a major highway change. Also from the time you turned the unit on it would take twice as long to boot itself up. At least a dozen times with in a week it put me on the wrong roads and when I made a wrong turn it got it self lost....I.E. take left on xyz street, and it was some ones drive way. Or turn left in 800 yards and the turn was less than 10 feet away. You might think in a conjested city situation I might get a little mixed up, but this is out in the country. Twice it put me under 12'6" bridges when I'm 13'6". Of course I made sure all my truck setting where they were supposed to be. I also updated the OS version,via Rand McNally. All in all I expected alot out of this unit and got a unit that should of been field tested with some people that drive allot. It just had to many route mistakes. Going back to the basic garmin. This isn't just my complaints, I have three friends that bought the same unit and have the same complaints. All of us returned the units.
I've had mine for a year and here's what we got. It tries to route be down non truck routes while telling me the truck route is illegal for me. This is such a bad problem that even Interstate 25 in Denver Colorado is listed (according to this GPS) as a non- truck route and will route you through the city instead. There are several drivers within our company who own one and more than half (of about 50) have crashed to an un-recoverable state. Our company representative said that Rand McNally informed them that the GPS was not designed to say on for a long period of time. Really? it's a truck driver GPS. We have one driver with a $2400 dollar ticket due to this GPS routing him down the wrong road. The companies response was to update the unit. I've had mine for a year, I never noticed one update that corrected functionality, they only seem to keep messing the tools. I want a GPS that routes, if I wanted tools I'd buy software for my computer.My suggestion is to by a nice Garmen. My one rated for cars actually routes me better than this one rated for trucks.Wayne
I am using this with a Nook HD+. It works as described. The HD picture on my Samsung 52&#34; TV is excellent.
The cable is very wobbly and sometimes disconnects itself.The price is completely unfair and only works with the Nook HD and HD+
This adaptor is real easy to setup and use right out of the box. I had not problem with it at all, it is well worth the purchase. I recommend this adaptor very much for viewing your Nook videos on your HDTV. I just disagree with other reviews on the length of the adaptor, I found it to be fairly adequate as to how and where it is connected to my TV. For me it was just right not too long or too short, I was able to place my Nook right below the connection on the TV stand, it did not fall or anything else, it is fine. Use your own judgement, I'm too busy watching my movies :)
This adapter easily connects my Nook HD 7&#34; to my HDTV through the HDMI cable.  This is good for traveling because it makes any hotel TV a potential smart TV so long as there is an accessible HDMI port.  It is also good for sharing photos from FB on a bigger screen. A bit pricey, but a good accessory to have.  Be sure to note that this is ONLY for the Nook HD and HD+ series.  It will not work with a standard Nook.
This product really works great but I found the following items you need to keep in mind:- You must have your power adapter connected for it to work...it plugs in the the bottom. It appears it needs power from the nook power adapter to operate.- The plug fits in loosely and you cannot move the Nook around much without holding the adapter in place.- On initial plugin it seems you need to rock it around to get the connection but then it seems solid.- It works with a 25ft high quality HDMI cable so you can put the NOOK across the room with you. Not tested with cheap cables.Warning...I found that my LG SmartTV 3D from a few years back does not work with this adapter but it does not seem to work with many things...bad software. This adapter works fine with other HDMI devices I have used like monitors and I am sure other TVs.Gave it five stars because it really is nice to extend the screen and use your Nook as a streaming server to your TV. Nice they made such a device.
This item is just as was described in the original description, works without any issues to be seen. Good product
bought for a spare for my 9&#34; Nook HD and it fit perfectly.  Very satisfied with the price much less than on the BN site
product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product product
My son crewed my HD charger cord so I needed another one, this is exactly like the one my son destroyed.
This is a good beefy 2 amp charger, but it covers two outlets on a power strip. It's ok in a regular wall outlet. The best thing is it uses a standard USB connector so it can charge more than just a Nook (I have a Kindle Fire HD+).
I lost my B&N original cable.  I looked around for an new one.  I tried  a different, cheaper model but it didn't fit my device properly so back to the drawing board.  I ordered this one.  I am satisfied.  It works exactly as expected and fits perfectly.  I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a spare or in lieu of the original usb cable adapter.
It does 2A and charges a DEAD Nook in a few hours. It does so with a LOT of heat, compared to most wall worts. I have a dual charger where 1 port is 2.1A and the other is 1A for total output of 3.1A that doesn't run as hot as this. And i use that to power a raspberry pi to avoid needing a powered hubIt does the job adequately as it's designed to. Just hot. I would always unplug it if not using (even though it cools off) because of the amount of heat made. The nook hd+ runs hot too right where you hold it on the left side in portrait, but not so much when charging. I guess it's better to have it at the plug.
Go to Target or Barnes and Noble instead, and pay $25 (which is still a huge markup, considering they make the thing for 50 cents.) This is the worst option if you need one of these. It's price gouging, pure and simple.
Works well, a little pricey I think for a charging cable, but then again, not losing the original would be a lot cheaper than any replacement
This is a great buy, compared to a $60 or more a retail store.
This mount is just what I needed.  It is strong and sturdy.  It folds almost flat to enable the television to sit square and flat against the wall if desired and extends and rotates for angle turns.  A perfect fit as long as you match the correct visa pattern for your television.
Great deal, easy to mount and it appears to be fairly sturdy. I mounted a 32 in tv on it and it works great.
This mount works really well once you get it up and going.  Only problem is just the arms are a little goofy getting them all in the right spot.  But that's really not too big an issue considering all the different TV's and their mounting hole locations.
This wall mount does everything it's supposed to do.  The piece that attaches to the wall isn't overly long, which made it easier to mount the arm in the tight space I needed to mount it in.  The only issues I saw was that the joints were VERY tight initially and as we moved the arm around to install it, the joints loosened up to the point where I had to take the included allen wrench and tighten them up again.
for the price you just cant beat this item. I bought it for a house I was selling so I could hang some tv and it worked great. Good quality for the price.
I received the mount, which was well packaged for shipping.  The installation instructions were Moderately clear.  No issues following them, they were just a little disjointed depending on the wall surface you were installing on.My shipment had a mis-cut piece, and was missing 4 screws.  I contacted the Manufacturer, and they shipped me a replacement part and screws the very next day (Shipped out of Texas, so normal mailing times applied)I like how the Mount fits together, and I easily mounted my 60lbs TV by myself.  The part that attaches to the TV has a hook that will hold the TV on the Arm till you bolt it on.It's very adjustable, and pushes almost flush with the wall.I'm very happy, but took one star for the miscut piece.
Took a bit of work, but used this to fit an older vizio 32&#34; monitor to the wall to use as a compute monitor. Stable and like the ability to move the tv to different angles. The vizio was older and did not have the standard holes, this product fit and holds the tv very stable.
I used this for my 47&#34; Samsung. Its fit/feel is great. Easy installation. Appears strong; although I personally spent way too much on the tv to risk leaving it fully outstretched with too little lag bolts for a long time! It is very convenient to be able to move it away from the wall however and I would feel very comfortable tilt or swiveling if needed. The movement is fluid and easily adjustable.I am very pleased with my purchase.
This item serves its purpose as well as any other mount.  Its most appealing attribute is its large range of motion.  I am using this to corner-mount a 32" TV and it works perfectly to hide the mount, receptacles, and cables behind the TV.  Very easy installation as well.
I am very glad for buying it.  It is heavy duty and good quality for the price.  It was very easy to install.
this holds up my 55inch sony with ease. make sure u mount this with ur own lag screws into the heart of the 2x4 ur mounting to and u won't have any problem--u may have to make a modificatoin or two but use ur brain and figure it out-- it'll be there till the house falls!!!3inch lag screws is the way to go don't be cheap go buy em.---how much did u pay for the tv????
Nice quality still works great... very happy with this purchase... need to add 10 more words.. so what can I say its a wall mount that I haven't had any problems with
Great bracket for small TVs.  I used it on a 19" LCD and it worked well.  The large mounting plate may block some connections on some TVs.  Installed easily and could be adjusted to make level.  The links were very tight and need to be loosened for initial installation.  When the TV is in the desired position, you can tighten them up.
I bought this for a 22" TV for my son. I mounted this onto the corner stud and it works great! I love the angles it can achieve. Fees Very sturdy and well built. It works perfect for my application. Very happy with this purchase!
I am using this mount for a 39 inch Vizio TV and it has been great. The installation process was quick and easy and we LOVE the variety of angles that you can get from this mount. We have it on a side wall in our bedroom and we can pull the tv out and move it completely perpendicular to the wall on which it is mounted if we want to. (We don't usually move it quite perpendicular, but it works to do this.)My only complaint is that the joints are a little on the stiff side. It takes quite a bit of force to move the TV from one position to another. It's a little hard for my wife to do-- especially with the TV mounted about 6ft up on the wall. It may be possible to loosen these pivot points, but I have not tried. I'm a little nervous about making it less stable if I do.Overall, it's a great mount. Highly recommended.
I installed this for my sister who had a 22" Philips LCD. Nice sturdy mount, with all of the nuts, bolts, screws included. Only problem was that since my tv was so small, and I was using the most inner mounting hols on the mount, the outside edges of the mount covered both the cable connection, and the power cable connection. Instead of returning, (then paying $70 from a local store) I simply went to a hardware store, got a 1 & 1/2 inch boring tool that attaches to a hand drill, and drilled holes into the mount. It was pretty easy, but a bit messy. It is not visible after mounting the TV, so who cares?? It is one thing to consider before buying this, there may be another mount that does not cover your TV connections. Otherwise swivels well, does not sag, good value.
Didn't think it would work as well as it has,because the metal was a lighter guage thanwe expected, but it hardly deflected from theweight of the TV, even extended straight out.
very heavy duty construction, extends, tilts perfectlya steal at this pricewill be happy to buy another 1 or 2 if needed
Well constructed wall mount for TV sets up to 37 inches. The mounting  plate has numerous holes for varius sets. Plenty of extra hardware provided. Price was about 1/8th of what it would cost on the open market. I recommend it highly.
I used it to mount a 32" LCD TV to the wall... about 28LBS.  I installed it in less than 1/2 hour and am very happy with the results.PROS:-Comes with all of the hardware you'll need-Comes with some extra hardware of which I have NO IDEA what it is there for.  I suspect it's a 'universal' hardware pack for several models and not all hardware is used for all models, but it's nice to have a little 'extra' (which is always better than not enough!)-The included Level is nice... well it's cheap but it works!-The instructions did a decent enough job of explaining how to install the unit.CONS:-Metal is just a tad on the flimsy side.  I have no problems trusting it with my &lt;30lb television but if I were to mount something closer to its maximum rated weight of 55lbs, I think I would be quite a bit nervous about it holding up.-The holes in the base were just a little bit too wide for my wall stud.  I think the particular stud I was installing it onto was a typical 2X4 and if centered, the left and right side holes were just a little too far to grab both sides of the stud.  I had to reposition it so that the center holes were aligned to the left side of the stud, and that the right side holes were aligned to the right side of the stud.  As a result, I was only able to install four of the six bolts to hold it in place, but I don't feel it will be an issue with my 28LB television.  If your house uses wider studs this probably wouldn't even be an issue.-The metal does sag just a little bit with the weight of the television on it.  I mounted the base just a little bit "off level" to help compensate for this, and had no problems getting the television level using the adjustments available to me.CONCLUSION:  All in all It's not a bad unit.. ESPECIALLY for the price.  Yes I would have liked to see a sturdier unit, but when you take into account the &lt;$30 price tag, it's an excellent bargain.  I don't think I'll have any issue with a static mounting of my TV in the corner of the bedroom *BUT* if you are considering installing this unit for a television that will see a lot of traffic, constant repositioning, etc... then you might want to spend more money on something sturdier.
I am very happy with this affordable wall mount for my Sony 32" Internet TV. One nice feature ist that you can swivel the mounted TV depending on where you are seated.
I have a 26" LCD monitor mounted on unit.Seems sturdy enough, would prefer a more fluid motion and a way to adjust the pivot of the screen without tools.  As it is I keep it loose and it is reasonbly adjustable.For the price I certanily can't complain and would recommend this unit.
Easy to install, and works great. Television moves with ease and always feels secure. Doesn't loosen over time like other television mounts.
This was for a 32 inch LCD.  Easy to install and works great.  I am very satisfied with this wall mount.
Fits many different size TV's,  is very solid, and was easy to install.  I would recommend to anyone is even slightly handy.
I'm using this with my 32" tv and I love it. The price is significantly lower than what you can find for monitor wall mounts in the retail stores (walmart, best buy).I found this to be an easy install and very secure. The swivel is smooth and I can orient my television perfectly. It also has plenty of VESA mount patterns so it will hold just about any TV.
For such a cheap mount, it works well. I installed in in about 20 minuets and use it to hole a 32" Vizio LED.
This was a present for myself, my son installed it, in about 25 minutes, and I couldn't be happier.  I wasn't sure this was for me as it for my bedroom, but my husband and I love it.  So easy to move the TV no matter where you are in the room.  A great buy.
Mounting the TV after mounting on wall can be a handful.  It would have been nice to have some type of slide in mount for the TV so you did not have to hold it while putting in 4 screws.  That would make DIY one person installation easier.
When we first bought our bedroom tv, we looked at the mounts in the store and almost fell over from shock at the prices.  This is one of the best prices I have found on mounts.  This mount went up easy and moves in all directions to get the perfect viewing angle.  it comes with everything you need but the drill and tv!  You won't be disappointed with this brand.
I was hesitant about mounting my larger flat screen (47&#34; LG) onto the wall - what happens if it falls off!  After looking at mounts at Target and Best Buy that were $100+, would this possibly work?Fast forward...  The mount took about 20 minutes to install (too longer to locate the studs than mount it).  The TV is on the wall and works wonderfully.  Very solid mount and good articulation.My only comments are the cord clips included are very weak.  I will be replacing them with black cable ties.  Also - they do need to have a second locking screw where you hang the TV on the articulating mount - I can wiggle my screen (tilt) by about 1/4&#34; since there is only a screw on the bottom.Overall, I liked the narrow wall mount and the 20&#34; extension.  Definitely would recommend for a TV that is 47&#34;.
Easy to install, with extra hardware for installing your TV. However, my TV had a curved back, so I used the included spacers to space the bars on the back of the TV. I was skeptical of the two lag bolts attaching the bracket to the stud under the drywall, so I added two 5/16&#34; lags, under washers holding the inside edges of the mounting brackets.After installing the Swing Arm wall mount, I grabbed the end of the bracket, fully extended. The bracket didn't sag a bit. I concluded that the supplied two lag bolts would have been sufficient.I've swung my TV out and exercised the various angles available, and found the swing arm not giving a millimeter.I fully recommend this wall mount. I've a few other VideoSecu mounting brackets for wall mounted and floor stand speakers and one for an 80-inch Sharp TV. All are quality products.
The fact that the pivot point on this TV mount was not built straight caused the TV to tilt slightly when it was swung out.  there is no adjustment for it, so i had to make a choice for the tv to either be straight and level when it was pushed against the wall, or when it was out.  i do not recommend this wall mount.to it's benefit though, it was reasonably sturdy and easy to install.
Purchased for my sister to hang her TV on a wall and she and her boyfriend reported back to me that mount works great with the 42&#34; Vizio TV she got for Christmas and was up securely in no time.  I looked around in the retail stores and found that this mount was of similar quality at a much lower price.  What can I say, it does what it is supposed to do, was easy to setup, and is of good value.
This was needed to mount a 32" LCD that weighs 27 lbs in my bedroom. I looked at another mount by the same company but it did not articulate so I was worried I wouldn't be able to achieve the viewing angles that I needed. So I found this one & went w/ it based on the high reviews. I could not be more pleased.1) PRICE - If you were to go to the big electronics store (BB) or the big box monster (WM) you would pay hundreds. I can't fathom those more expensive mounts doing anything that this one does not. Does it cook dinner for me? Why pay $100-$250 for a mount when you can get this one for $29.99 & oh, by the way have the confidence in 898 customer reviews averaging 4.5 stars at the time of this writing?2) FUNCTION - This mount is solid. It articulates to the left, to the right. It pans, it tilts. One small negative.....the plastic clips for routing wires are nearly useless. I took them off.3) WHATS IN THE BOX - Normally I would not comment on what an item comes with but in this case I was so impressed I felt it was worth mentioning. It comes w/ everything you need in neatly sealed and labeled plastic sleeves. It comes w/ lag bolts that everyone will use to mount to the wall stud. (mounting to a wall stud is required unless you are mounting to concrete) Then it has 9 different screw sets to mount the plate to the back of your TV. It has 2 washer sets for the mounting plate (based on if your TV has a flat or curved back). Then it has a spanner wrench for tightening the screw of the mounting plate. Then it also has 2 plastic anchors for mounting to a concrete wall. Last but not least are the VESA adaptors (which I did not need)4) WHAT YOU NEED THAT ISN'T INCLUDED -  Pencil / Level / Stud finder / Phillips screwdriver / Drill w/ a 7/32 drill bit / Socket wrench w/ a 13mm attachment.5) CONCLUSION - This is a no brainer. I have another 32" that needs mounted. I think as soon as I click publish for this review I will be ordering another one. If you find yourself reading reviews on TV mounts and you have found this one your search is over, just click buy already.
This is mounted in a doorway between two rooms in my basement with a 40 inch TV attached to it.  I can move it to either room and still keep the doorway open plenty wide enough to pass through.  Perfect for my needs.
Sturdy and durable craftsmanship. Bought for my grandma in Mexico, had it installed and works great. Has awesome mobility to enjoy your television from countless angles in your room.
If you want a wall mount that is universal and can be moved in all directions this is the one to get.  My 42&#34; Samsung 3D tv mounted easily and the extensions were not required.  I mounted it to a stud and it seems to be very secure.  I am able to swing the tv to watch from my bed or from the lazyboy chair without a problem.
Great wall mount at a great price.  Already fully assembled out of the box and seems built to last.  I really like the swivel and tilt as we need it when laying down in the bedroom.  Easy instructions (I'm not a carpenter).  I used this on a 32" Samsung LED TV.
Very simple set up and ease of installation. I followed the advice of another reviewer and removed the top hex-screw of one of the center connections (thus disconnecting the wall plate from the plate attached to the TV)so that I could install the plate to the wall and the plate to the back of the TV as separate processes. Both simple and quite easy. Then it was simply a matter of slipping the two back together and re-installing the hex-screw. I was able to install a 32" RCA TV, without any help in less than 20 minutes.Manufacturer provided a good assortment of screws and other hardware, as well as a hex wrench, a small open wrench and a level.
got this to hang a 32" sony lcd in my bedroom.  used my stud finder to locate the studs, drilled 6 pilot holes and hung it up.  and extra set of hands is helpful when hanging the mount and mounting the tv.  holes on mount lined up perfectly with my tv.  screws fit just right.no complaints.
used it for vizio 42&#34; tv. easy to install. fit perfectly. what is there else to say? strongly recommend for everyone.
I purchased this mount for my 37 inch LCD TV.  Installation was easy...  The trouble I encountered was due to a bad wall stud finder.  Make sure you have one when you install this mount because you need to screw the mount into a wall stud or at least have one screw into a wall stud.The arm of the mount sags after I hooked up my 37in. LCD TV to the mount.  My TV is within the weight limit of this mount (less than 55lbs.) but the arm still sags due to the weight of the TV.  I guess as long as it supports my TV, the sagging shouldn't be an issue.  It just looks funny from the side.  I do retract the arm inward towards the wall to minimize the sagging and it also gives me the warm fuzzy feeling that the arm will be less likely to break off.Overall, for the price this mount is a great deal and works but I would suggest purchasing it for flat screen TVs less than 37 inches.  I would not hesitate to buy this mount again but for a 32 inch TV at most.
I thought this was a great value for a wall mount.  I have installed a 32 inch tv in my bathroom with this unit.  It worked well with the Visio TV that I bought.  It looked it it could accomodate many other tvs because there were a variety of holes on the mounting bracket.  Is it the best quality ever, no.  It is decent quality, and it worked well for me.
my tv! Couldn't ask for more. Thanks. These reviews require too many words. I could have said what I meant in three.
This TV mount is easy to install.  Just follow the directions included.  I installed this near the ceiling and I'm using every bit of the 15 degree downward tilt.  Properly installed, the product is rock solid.  I installed a 32" tv on it.  I know it can hold much more.  The articulating arms are easily adjustable and if you want to tighten it down and lock it in position you can do that, too.
This is the second VideoSecu product I have ordered. They are rock-solid, and with the range of fasteners and extra hardware they include in the package, it's hard to imagine any speaker or TV that these systems won't fit.
For the price it can't be beat.  The mount is strong and sturdy.  Two sets of hands are mandatory for mounting, three would be ideal.  Once up though, it's better than most of our friends mounts.  It has full articulation, and I can swing the arm out and angle it towards my kitchen.  This is highly important while cooking buffalo wings and trying to keep tabs on football games.
I originally bought this for a Sony 40&#34; TV, but installed it with a Vizio 42&#34; instead.  I did this because the Sony is an older model TV and weighs a little over 50lbs (which is still within this mounts rating) and the Vizio only weights 23lbs.  I have a Sanus extended articulating mount that I bought a few years ago and paid over $100 dollars for it.  (It now costs over $150) The Sanus is much stouter in construction than this VideoSecu mount is, so by reading some of the reviews on here and not knowing exactly how this mount was going to measure up pre-install, I swapped out TV's to match mounts accordingly.Now that installation is complete, I'm sure this mount would handle either TV just fine.  Is it the same quality as the Sanus? No, but it has enough quality to perform its advertised claims.  I saw some reviews on here complaining about mount sag after install.  Now this is based on the 23 lb TV, but I'm not experiencing this problem.  The mount has 4 pivot points and after installation, ALL need to be tightened to the point that movement is allowed with intentional moderate force.  Out of the box, this mount would have sagged like others complained, but I'm guessing its left slightly loose to help ease the installation process.I won't hesitate to buy another one in the future if the need arises.  An excellent price ($30) for a good quality mount.  If you want a mount that you can do pull ups on after install, buy the Sanus (and pay 5x more to do it).  If you want a mount that you can safely hang and secure your TV on, save some cash and buy this mount.
I am using this with a 40 inch Samsung smart tv.  The extended bars were not needed.  This is very easy to mount to a wall stud with just two bolts.  Many bolts are provided to fit with your television.  It is very sturdy and able to be positioned in many different ways.  Highly recommended.
This mount is heavy, strong and already in one piece. Almost no directions were needed. The only issue I would have: After the mount is installed I had to lift the TV to the mount and screw the screws in while holding the TV up with one hand. I checked the instructions to make sure I wasn't being stupid. The directions confirmed to lift the TV and screw in the screws. Other mounts have a bracket installed on the wall and TV, then I just lift the TV and click it right in. The sturdiness of the mount makes up for this defect in my opinion.
This mount is sturdy, easy to install, and easy to mount the TV to.  The included hardware was heavy duty also.  The action is good, and tension is adjustable.  The tilt can be adjusted by using the knob in lieu of one of the bolts, or locked in place (which makes it more difficult for someone to remove the TV unless they have a wrench with).  I mounted the 27" TV on our lanai, so a little theft-proofing is a good thing.  The TV is now visible either on the lanai, or from the patio.I RECENTLY BOUGHT A SECOND ONE, AND THEY HAVE CHANGED.  STILL STURDY, BUT LACKING THE QUICK MOUNT FEATURE! NOW YOU MUST HOLD THE TV IN PLACE WHILE INSERTING THE TINY SCREWS THROUGH THE BACK.
Do not listen to other reviewers, screws that this came with are concrete only, there are no wood or dry wall screws. You will!!!! need a stud finder!!! There are 8 holes in total on a mounting plate, so it is plenty enough if you hit the center of a stud. Sturdy,good looking. There is a whole set of machine screws for(my guess)all TV types plus couple of tools that you will need.
I purchased this mount based on others comments beforehand and i appreciate the guidance. The problem with wall mounting flat screen TV's is to make sure the hole pattern of the mount lines up with the hole pattern on the TV you buy. I'm using this mount with a VIZIO E320ME 32-inch and it works perfect.
I'm using this to mount an older SyncMaster 191T above my desk and was pleasantly surprised at how sturdy it is for the price.  Installation was simple, though I used the screws from the original monitor mount for the plate attachment, as none of those included would work with my monitor.  The tilt mechanism requires loosening a bolt and then adjusting the monitor to the desired angle.  I would have preferred another 10-15 degrees of vertical tilting capability, but what is available will be fine for most applications.  I posted a couple of photos that shows it mounted.Overall I'm very pleased with the purchase and would buy again should I need to mount another small display.
Its sturdy, holds my tv really good, its adjustable & really really easy to install. An excellent product. I would definitely recommend it.
I got this for mounting a tv on the wall in my home office. Price was good and it worked. The adjustments on it work well, and it has a gizmo to hold the cables in place. Don't hesitate to buy. I think I am using this with a 38&#34; tv.
It does the job and it wasn't too hard to install so i'm a happy tv viewer. Nothing bad to say about it. Came with a bunch of bolt options for different make and model TV's
I have this wall mount installed outside. I have a 32&#34; hanging on it in my backyard. Easy to install and have had no problems what so ever..
This unit has worked perfectly in holding a 40&#34; TV in an extended position for months - without sagging or failing.  Very happy with the purchase
Unfortunately, I'm returning this mount.Though I like the look of it, particularly the two part plastic piece that clips to the wall mount portion to cover the bolts, I feel that the one I ordered wasn't well made.I purchased it to mount aLG 26LE5300 26-Inch 720p 60Hz LED LCD HDTVin our kitchen.The mount arrived quickly and was well packaged. Unfortunately, the arm was welded to the wall bracket at a slight angle, meaning that regardless of how it would mount it and the LCD would never be level.Also, the powder coating near one of the bolts had come off and I could see some rust already forming.I decided to see if the mount would be the right fit for the tv before returning, figuring I would just get a replacement and hope for the best. I'm glad I did because this led me to find two other issues.The first one I blame on the manufacturers, the second I would consider a design flaw of the LG lcd.The first issue is that the screws supplied to attach the bracket to the tv are too few and two short. The screws are only 12mm long, and would barely catch in the threads of the TV if they weren't recessed at all. Most mounting threads on lcds and plasmas are partially recessed. I stopped by my local Lowes and picked up two packs of similar screws (M4-70 or something to that affect). $0.80 a packet so not much of an expenditure, just a big hassle. I needed 20mm long screws to mount this to the tv, so a pretty fair difference over what was supplied. The manufacturer supplies several different thread and gauge options, but only one shallow length of each set.The second issue is that this universal mount covered the power and HDMI ports on the back of the 26le5300. Again, I think this is more of an issue with the tv then the mount, as they're situated rather high and central. Either way, it's something you'll want to check on your tv before ordering this product.I actually returned this and in its stead purchased a similar mount from the same company. TheVideoSecu Swing LCD Wall Mount 20 inch Extension 55 lb loading capacity for LCD TV Monitor Flat Screen VESA 75mm/100 mm 1USgets very high marks from me. It's basically the same arm with a 75x75 to 100x100 VESA head on it. This second arm did not have any of the manufacturing errors of the previous model and fit the back of my tv perfectly.I understand that it's a very affordable mount, and that most of my issues may have been resolved with a replacement. However, I just can't give this mount any higher rating than I have.
I must admit, I'm very cautious of what I buy especially when I've seen this identical bracket in the electronic stores priced three to four times than this one.  Bracket arrived much faster then what Amazon estimated and was well packaged.  The directions were adequate but I'm very mechanically inclined so used them as a quick guide and had this bracket installed with my Sony 37" LCD in under a half hour.  My hats off to the marketing folks with this manufacturer as they did their homework and included additional hardware and brackets to meet any possible configuration out there.  Including mounting tools and level were also an exceptional idea.  And tossing in a 7' HDMI cable was the icing on the cake.
If less money had been spent on packaging and more on quality, it might be a good product.The product was double-boxed.  The included level was broken. I would prefer to use my own level and have good hardware instead of junk on both counts.  One of the pivots on the arm was so badly rusted out of the box it seemed to compromise the whole system.  Despite 6 huge lag screws and strong arms, the joints are not strong enough to keep the mount level as it extends and articulates.  Each time I moved it it had to be re-adjusted to be level.  The hardware had to be tightened so much to keep it from wobbling, it made moving it very difficult.  I used a 26" tv.The whole thing went back in the box for a refund.
I bought this mount for our bedroom in order to swing and tilt the TV based on our viewing angle.  In order to move it I had to loosed the screws each and every time.  I had it connected to a 27in vizio LCD which is pretty light.  Could not find a tension to keep it where we wanted it.  Had to return
Worked great. Easy mounting and setup. 2007 Vizio 42&#34; LCD hung perfectly. It is a heavier TV, around 50lbs and it mounted up great.
received the product and got it installed today. for the most part I am pretty happy with the hardware except the materials being used to make screws or other parts. the screws get very easily damaged by the most commonly used screw drivers that you can find for $1 per piece.  Once I put the bolt into the LCD TV and mount it with the plate, I found myself having a hardtime removing the screw because the tread mark on the screw head is already messed by by the screw driver, which makes me doubt about the material being used on the mount and arms.  is the material used on the mount going to deliver the same quality as the bolts and nuts?
Mounting a 42 inch LG TV weighing 33 poundsPROLess expensivePrevious purchase of VideoSecu productAppeared solid and strongHad tilt and various adjustmentsMount on single studCONSagging..this is amazing that it sags and does so at different angles based on how far the TV is pulled out from the wallTherefore one cannot keep the TV properly aligned because any movement changes the tilt or other angles.Mounting is a pain because the mounting bracket never comes apart from the articulation armCritical bolt attachment for the mount from the TV to the articulation arm does not get tight!  This is amazing. It is not stripped but it does will not stay tight even from the first use.  This makes the product unsafe.I am amazingly frustrated bordering on angry because of the time put into this and now holes in the wall.  I need to get a different one.  My prior experience was with a VideoSecu MW380B TV wall articulating mount, which is far superior for a larger TV.  I bought this other one because I wanted a tight fit to the wall.Can I send a bill for my time and work putting it up and taking it down?????
The Nook Tablet, in both the 16gb version and 8 gb version, are the best color e-readers of 2012.  Both are bargains when purchased at the discounted price Barnes & Noble provides to its members.However, they are designed for reading...if you want a gaming tablet, a Skype video tablet, or need access to thousands of apps, you need an I-Pad.I have owned a "Brand X" color e-reader for about a year, but seldom use it for reading because it causes eye strain. I have a Nook Simple Touch e-reader that is wonderful for books, but its e-ink screen is black on white only, which does not work well for colorful magazines such as "Automobile" or "National Geographic".Barnes & Noble has an offer that enables its members to buy the Nook tablet for MUCH less than the price quoted by internet vendors, so I took advantage of their offer...plus the staff of my neighborhood Barnes & Noble were very helpful, and invited me to classes they provide to teach new owners the in's and out's of their new tablet. Mine is the 8gb version, which works as well as the 16gb version. I added a 32gb memory card, so my Nook has more storage for books than I could ever fill.The Nook Tablet is the best of both worlds. It is easy on the eyes for long reading sessions because its screen was designed to prevent eye strain. The fonts are very clear, very sharp, and have very high contrast, enabling you to read with the screen set at a very low brightness level, eliminating eye strain. Independent tests have verified that the Nook tablet has less reflection and glare than any color e-reader or color tablet, because the screen's glass cover is bonded directly to the LCD, eliminated the air gap that causes glare.The vivid color makes magazines "pop" even more than their paper versions. Barnes & Noble adds a special "text only" option for magazine articles that make it easy to read the text by enlarging the fonts and putting the text of the article in a single long file.The Nook "shop" does not work as well as the Nook website on the internet for searching for specific books or categories of books. So, I downloaded the Dolphin HD browser from the Nook shop and use it to look at the Nook shop's book inventory. The Dolphin browser uses tabs, so I can put two or three books I am considering in their own tab, and switch back and forth.The Nook Tablet has Pandora Radio installed, so I can listen to my favorite music while I read books. The sound is weak through the Nook tablet's puny speaker, but wonderful through good earbuds. I also transferred about fifty of my favorite CD's to the Nook's memory card, so I can listen to music even when I am not near an internet connection.When I get tired of reading, the Nook tablet lets me watch movies and tv shows on Netflix or TV.Com. Movies on Netflix look wonderful, because the color balance on the Nook tablet is superior to that of any seven inch tablet currently available. Skin tones are difficult to get "right", but the Nook tablet does a great job.Many reviewers make the error of comparing the Nook Tablet to full-blown tablets, such as the Apple I-Pad. The Nook Tablet is designed to be an e-reader, and for that purpose, it is superior to any of its seven inch competition. The fact that it includes Pandora Radio and Netflix is a bonus...but it IS an e-reader. The Nook Shop has a relatively small number of apps, each of which has been tested to verify it works well with the Nook tablet's seven inch screen...most Android apps are designed for a three inch or four inch screen.The reading apps for children are impressive. Last week I downloaded a free children's book that combined the best of the "book world" and the "video world". The book played music in the background...as a character walked through a field, the flowers were swaying in the wind. The book provided an option to have a character read the book out loud, and an option to turn the voice off, so your child can read the book to herself. Many of the children's reading apps are free, or cost less than $5, a bargain compared with the $15 or $20 children's books sell for in stores.The Nook website offers a "book of the day" for adults and a "book of the day" for children. The illustrations in the children's books take advantage of the Nook's color screen. Yesterday's children's book was "Mary Poppins", a bargain for $2...but the REAL Mary Poppins seems a bit scary compared with the Julie Andrew's Disney version.For people who want MORE than just the world's best e-reader, Amazon.com sells a $35 SD card that converts the Nook Tablet into a conventional Android tablet with full access to Google Play and its vast array of Android apps. Just put the N2A card into the Nook's card slot, and restart the Nook. When you want to use it as just an e-reader, take the N2A card back out. Best of both worlds...the best seven inch color e-reader becomes a very good seven inch Android tablet.
I saw this product on Amazon and thought "what a great deal" because this is a 16GB version of the same tablet that Barnes & Noble is selling for $250 dollars.It mostly works, and the screen is great for reading books.  I have had problems with the browser since 2 weeks of owning and the Apps have issues loading and playing some games.  If I could, I would return this product and just pay out the money for a brand new one.
Now I have like four different kendels and I am such a Fan.  My darling Daughter n law requested this.  No way, says I.  Then I see these reconditioned ones with a warranty, cases n protective films, new chargers and 16 gb HD.  Had to get it or her.  Only cause she gave me the worlds best gran babies ...and I guess I love her like mad too.
this is excellent tablet, excellent touch screen response and button controls. When you hold it in your hand, you will feel that its built tough and can withstand rough handling(my 17m old tosses it sometimes out of excitement and its still holding good). Battery is also good, last about 8+ hours; the old drawback is that there are very limited apps on Noon web, but I heard there's a way to sideload adds from Amazon that I haven't tried yet. But yes, I would highly recommend it.
I love nooks. Kindle fire is OK, but nooks are easy to root and install cyanogen mod foe a full android experience.
Have no idea why people love this thing so much, you can't load any applications unless they are from the Barnes & Noble store and you can't even download the free version of Angry Birds.Apparently Barnes & Noble is worse than Apple at remotely disabling Nooks they deemed rooted by end users. You have less control of this thing than you would your TV.The root kits are useless for this OS version 1.4.2 and the instructions to root / jailbreak it read worse than rocket instructions from annoying geeks !It is an overpriced Barnes & Noble franchise in your dumb little hands and you're well served keeping your receipt and refunding it.
I bought this for my husband for his birthday after trying it out in BN and seeing how amazingly responsive it is. I did a lot of research and put a lot of thought into it, almost buying him a kindle fire because I thought it was more "manly" looking. After much consideration and comparison of hardware, I opted to get this one. The big selling point for me the fact that it can boot from the SD card. I have seen the N2A (Nook2Android) SD cards here on Amazon and wanted him to have that functionality but didn't want to pay that much for one, so I did some googling and figured out how to make one myself. I purchased a 16GB micro SD card and in about an hour and a half, had the thing booting to CM7 from the SD card, and now it has full tablet functionality. It runs AWESOME, super smooth and very responsive, full tablet capabilities including running 3rd party apps and access to the google play store, and all without rooting or voiding the warranty. All he has to do to put it back to stock is remove the SD card (which he never does! It is pretty much useless in its stock form unless you only do light web browsing and read ebooks) My husband LOVES it and couldn't be happier with it. He uses it every day. The only thing it doesn't have that I consider a negative is a camera. MY tablet (Acer Picasso) has a camera and I do actually use it quite a bit, but my husband says he wouldn't use one  on a tablet so it doesn't bother him anyway. He also dowloaded Kingsoft Office and now uses this for work as well. Unbeatable hardware at an unbeatable price.... and don't let the restrictive stock software stop you from buying it... just go around it!!!
When B&N; designed this one, they were putting together a reading device that also happened to have some tablet features. As a result, what you get is pretty limited.It's a fairly sturdy device by feel, and not difficult to hold for a while and use. The quality of the screen is pretty good and it's not difficult to read for extended periods of time (so long as you're not out in the sun anyway, almost all LCD screens perform poorly there).Very little of the space on the device is available for sideloaded content by default, so you need to use microsd cards to add more if you want to do too much with that.You can sideload content from any source that uses Adobe DRM for epubs, and also epubs that don't have DRM at all. This means that getting ebooks from the library is pretty simple. You can install an Overdrive app and do it directly without going through a computer if your library uses overdrive.You can root it to get access to more apps. If you want to run a more pure version of Android, you can go for either putting together a Cyanogenmod card yourself or purchase one already made from Nook2Android.B&N; gives away a book and an app every Friday on their blog, so that's worth checking in on regularly.On the whole, this is an okay device for reading and can be a kind of nice semi-tablet to give to someone who normally tends to load their computers/tablets up with viruses by being carelessness. It's locked-down state works in your favor from that perspective.For more general tablet use, this is a pretty poor choice. Also, as of mid-2013 the later devices (Nook HD/HD+) have been radically marked down, so if you're going to buy one of these you should look to get it pretty cheap. Otherwise, it'd almost certainly make more sense to hold out for something more full-featured.
this is such a great tablet. one time didn't work. acted weird really weird. needed to be cleaned. now I keep eyeglass cleaning clothes (disposable) for it. has worked like a charm since. hooks up to the computer without the shelves going away. book reading is great too. I use it for an ereader with games that I sometimes play, but mostly as an ereader. recommended.
Great product  works just as described have had no problems with it since I got it thanks for a great product
I do not understand people, they are comparing this $100 tablet with $500 Ipad, of course it is not gonna be the same. I would recommend this tablet to everyone especially for the kids.
Months later, I am still happy with this Tablet, but you should know 2 things. One is, you'll get it for $224 if you're a B&N; member.  Also, if you go online, often they have a deal such that if you buy a year's subscription to the NY Times, they reduce the price of the Tablet.  To get the member's discount, you're better off going to a B&N; store.  BUT THE BIG THING is, if you already own Kindle books, Barnes and Noble stupidly don't provide a Kindle app, HOWEVER, you can buy the cheapest n2a card, either on Amazon or on n2a.com.  This allows you to boot your Tablet up as a full Android tablet (like the $500 ones), and you can get the Kindle app on that.  There's no problem accessing your Kindle books on the Nook.  Since, as noted below, the Nook eReader is beautifully designed, much better in my opinion than any Kindle, so I use my n2a card only when I'm reading a Kindle book.  I find B%N and Amazon charge about the same for books. There are some books on Nook that Kindle doesn't have, and some on Kindle that Nook doesn't have.  However, only Nook has the Page Perfect editions and the Enhanced editions of books with embedded video, audio clips, and animations.One other thing: the Nook has a tab for "My Stuff" so you can download music, pictures, videos and documents easily onto the Nook. You don't have to buy music for it.  Use what's on your PC or what you rip from disk. I am doing a project of editing and making slide shows of over 4,000 pictures.  For that, I bought a 32 disk san drive for the Nook to download the pictures to and to work on them using a Nook app.  I don't know how you could do that on the 8 gig Fire. I don't know if you can put pictures on the Cloud for the Fire.  However, I can make many different slide shows and digital albums on the Nook Tablet without any Cloud.I got this and the Kindle Fire on November 16, 2012.  Then came days of comparing them side by side.  You can see my review of the Fire on its page's customer reviews, so, how about the Nook?  First of all, if you want one, get it from Barnes and Noble. It cost $199 with a year's subscription to the NY Times.  Even without that discount, it costs $249 with free shipping (and, this month the NOOKcolor Tablet is only $149!)Hands down, for the money there is no finer Tablet than this Nook.  Some reviewers say they're going to get a Sony or a Galaxy for their features. I have no quarrel with that, but you pay for those features.  Sony and Galaxy are fine tablets--I've tried them out, too.  However, the Sony is on sale for $399.99 this month, and the 32 bit is on sale for $499.99.  Comparing it side by side with the Nook, the Sony salesperson said, "Wow! it's as good as the Sony!"  Yes, and for about the half the price.Another salesman lamented that the Sony doesn't have the Netflix app, which comes with the Nook. Of course, Sony wants you to buy their movies.  Barnes & Noble just wants you to buy their books, which is fine for a Bookaholic like me.  B&N; has 2,500,000 titles available, over 1,000,000 free.  Since they have a lot of earlier editions of books, Book Freaks like me can purchase those or get them free.  They even have a Page Perfect series which are facsimiles of beautifully designed books. What you see on your screen is what a reader in 1867 or 2007 saw, brilliantly illustrated and unusually printed books.  You'd pay a fortune for them in their original editions, not $3.99. Many children's classics are in this series, but also adult books, like Butterflies.The Nook also has Enhanced Editions with audio and video clips embedded in the text.  Some of the old books are also Enhanced.  Changes because of misprints or other errors in the original are underlined.  You touch them, and can see what the original had. One of my Nook Books is a collection of Kafka.  You touch underlined passages and up pops a picture of the street Kafka has mentioned, or of a notable person he's alluded to.  In general, eBooks are superior to paper if they are on a Tablet with access to the Web.  You read in more depth, and can envision what the author is writing about without interrupting your reading experience. The Nook's connection to the Web is as fast as your wifi and is accessible with two clicks: Look up and Google (or Wikipedia).The Nook comes with Pandora and you can also download music from your computer using the USB cord which comes with the Nook.  Pictures, videos and documents can all be downloaded to the Nook, which has built-in folders for each, and, if the 16 Gig iof the Tablet is  not enough for you, you  can put a 32 Gig or smaller SD card.That's not all!  If you're App happy, you  can buy the N2A card for the Nook Tablet, which gives you every App in the Android Marketplace without rooting it and voiding the warranty.  I myself have been happy so far with the thousand or more apps available for the Nook, with new ones being added each week.  Truthfully, if it's apps that are what you want most in a tablet, the way to go is the iPad--for $600-$700 at the least.I gave my granddaughter a Nook Tablet.  Many of her friends have iPads; however, she says, she can get the same apps as her friends do. Using the Drawing app, she designed her birthday party invites on her Nook and then emailed them also using her Nook eMail.  She says she prefers Angry Birds on the Nook.  I can't comment. Angry Birds don't tempt me, but I do play some games on my  Nook.The Nooks have no cameras or Face Time, but with the money you save by buying the Nook, you can get an iPhone which does  have both.  If you want features like that in a Tablet, it costs $500 or more plus monthly data fees. No data fees with the Nook, of course, although you can browse the Web with ease and speed, depending on your router.You can stream movies and TV stories with ease on the Nook.  The picture quality is excellent if your wifi is.  I'm in a rural area with no 4G, but I still get crisp, clear movies with my wifi device.  Apps standard on the Nook are Hulu, Smithsonian, Showtime, and Netflix.  There may be more sources of flicks on it, but, truthfully, I haven't looked--and, since they add apps every week, you have to keep looking.If, like me, your primary use for a Tablet is reading, the Nook is tops.  Their eReader is elegantly designed and beautifully intuitive.  It even tells you how many pages are left in the chapter you'e on.  Notice, it displays page numbers, not "locations" like the Fire.  If you can't remember  who a character is, put your finger lightly on the name. 5 popups show instantly.  Touch Find, and in a second you have a page which lists every page that word has been on, complete with it sentence. (You can do this with place names as well.)  The other choices are Highlight, Note, Share, Look Up.  The Share lets you highlight a passage and send it to your Contacts--not social networking sites.  For those, you use the Share option in the menu at the bottom of the screen.  My friends tell me they love getting these passages from me.  Of course, I choose those  that are witty or relevant to a discussion we've had.  Other reading options are Go to Page, Back, Find (for when you want to type in the search screen), Contents, Text options, Brightness and Discover.  This last shows you other books on the subject you're reading about or by the same author.In short, as an eReader, the Nook is tops. As a Tablet, it does well, although not as well as those that are way more expensive.  Actually, everything it does do, it does very well.  It just doesn't have certain features--but that is true of every Tablet I've seen except the iPad.  As of now, the iPad's picture quality is not as good as the Nook's or, for that matter, the Fire's.  The iPad3 will have hi def, however.
I bought this ebook (16G) for my Kindergarten and elementary children to read books on trips and my old child to check email. It does the jobs well until now. I personally like it very much for its excellent hardware performance. With low price, fast response, and light weight, book size, and Barn and Nobles support, It is the best device for children when you want to have something as an alternative for your computer.I am a fan of Amazon.com and meant to buy a kindle for my children. but the displayed sample on my local Bestbuy store showed me that the nook tablet responded much faster than kindle fire. It could not be generally true, but based on the displayed tablets, I had to choose the nook.Until now, I have had mainly happy experiences with it. It has apps for children, one of them has many Smithsonian videos that my small children love the most. My college age child also use it to check email at home because it responds in second to wake up, and we do not have to turn it off for many days before it runs slow. After you turn it off and restart it (hold the power button for seconds for on and off), it become fast again.I just found last day it has a recipe App with more than 17,000 recipes. It has pictures for most of the products.My children have asked me to buy the istory app for 3.99 dollars, but it contends 24 or more story books for children that it reads to my children. Wonderful! The American history app is excellent too, It costs me 1 dollar or so (not remember exactly now).Problems: It did start after my children left it idled for hours while a game was running. After the battery was charged for a whole night, it still refused to start. When I tried again in the afternoon, it started but took more than 10 minutes. I guess the software was damaged and repaired. It is now as good as it was before. I am still wondering what was wrong with it.It is not a computer and can not be connected to TV. only one or two of my children can use it in the same time. We still have to use computers when we want to enjoy movies or photos together.It was designed for you to buy their books. but I think the prices of most books are not low enough for me to purchase e version. I would rather buy some hard copies instead. However, one of my children loves the classical books which are free or only one dollar each. She is happy with the books.As a summary, the machine is excellent, sturdy, fast, and convenient for emails and web browsing. The books are not priced low enough for me to purchase although there are some old free books. Apps for children are wonderful. My children love it.
I pulled the trigger on three of these on pre-order back in November.  I'd cancelled my order for as many Kindle Fires because I felt the technical specs justified the extra $50 for the Nook Tablet.  I also appreciated more onboard storage and expandability since we're a four person family and I drive ... all three were for my wife and kids and not me, and I expected they'd be used on the road a lot.I think that by the time anyone reads this they should know that the tablets (both Kindle and Nook, to be fair) are tied to their respective distributors.  That didn't come as any surprise to me, I fully expected it.  I knew that, without modifying the device (not really acceptable for your average person, if you ask me), I would be stuck with B&N;'s app store.  What I didn't know was how woefully limited that app store really is; it pales in comparison to Amazon's and doesn't even register when compared to the android marketplace.My daughter got hers first (a late birthday present).  For the most part, she was satisfied with it.  I made sure wifi was available throughout the house; we downloaded a couple of apps (Angry Birds, of course, and a drawing program).  The first thing to notice is that the B&N; app store has a tiny selection of free apps.  The ad-sponsored version of Angry Birds can't be found, but for a couple of bucks I didn't mind paying - I paid for the non-ad version for my phone, too.Netflix works as well on the tablet as it does on any other device in my home (PS3 and a bluray player, both hardwired networking) as long as wifi connection is good.  Her other use was email, and since she hardly gets any, the built in app was OK.The other two tablets I purchased were for Christmas for my wife and son, and that's where the problems started.  My wife gets copious amounts of email from several different accounts and likes to keep it as neat as possible... she also uses her smartphone and computer and doesn't want to have to delete things three times.  The built in email application absolutely sucks.  You can't even empty the trash to completely delete messages you don't want.  We experienced this on our phones and installed the highest rated email app we could find on the android marketplace, which also happened to be a FREE app.  B&N; makes nothing by distributing free apps in their marketplace, so this app was not available at all, and the selection was slim for other apps.  Even the touchpad app that people were using to syncronize with Microsoft Exchange servers apparently doesn't work (and is very expensive for an app).As I mentioned, I knew I'd be limited to B&N; app store - I just didn't realize how limited that app store was.My wife then started getting a bunch of free samples of books, and bought several of them.  They all downloaded except one stubborn one.  That book would load just fine on all the other Nooks in our house (the other two Tablets and we have two original Nooks, as well).  I sent an email to technical support and received the usual "we got your request and will reply as soon as possible" message, along with the addition that they are experiencing a high volume of help requests.  That was a week ago and we still have not heard back.  After a few days, though, we physically took the Nook to the store to get help.  Nothing worked; off/on, archive/unarchive, even de and re-registered the device (losing our wifi and email configs in the process).  This book still will not load.We finally "side loaded" the book, which required installing a program on my wife's PC (which is very annoying in itself) and we were required to create an Adobe ID (how much spam will we get from them, I wonder?).  After side-loading the book, it has no cover art... more annoyance.  That book still won't download correctly, even after they told us it'd be fixed in 48 hours (that was five days ago).I am not one to "root" products like these (especially since they aren't "mine," as I won't be the one using them).  As the "guy," it seems I'm responsible for all technical support in the house and didn't want to deal with the ramifications (or, frankly, even take the time to run through all those steps to do it).  It's not that I can't, it's that it's a pain in the buttocks and I simply shouldn't have to.  We were not asking for the world, we were asking for a table that had Nook e-reader software and allowed a few other niceties.  I wasn't expecting an iPad for $250, but I was expecting working software and a functional email program.It's technically not a bad tablet - the screen is bright and clear and responsive; the UI is decent (although I prefer the four buttons on my android phone over the single big "n" button on the Nook).  It's solidly built and sturdy; with Angry Birds and Netflix as my only benchmarks I can say they both run much better than they do on my phone, with no pauses (that I saw) in Angry Birds at all.However, the accumulation of annoyances was a bit too much for me (let's say there was a nagging voice coming from somewhere... the other side of the bed).  I am returning all three - luckily B&N; has a holiday policy that will allow me to return them, which is very cool of them.  They have not lost me as a customer; I have my books purchased from them and will continue to buy.I hope them the best in the future; it was a nice try.  If they just weren't so tight fisted about control over content (especially apps, in this case) I'd have stuck with it.  Technically speaking, the device is quite good and, at the current time, IMO, the hardware is worth the price tag.  I wouldn't mind being limited to the B&N; app store if they actually offered more apps... a LOT more, as they have practically nothing compared to what's available for the android community at large.  Again, I'm not asking for an iPad; I know the iPad can do some really cools things this Tablet can't, just something to make the "tablet" part of the Nook Tablet more worthwhile.I imagine they'll fix glitches with the download problem, too.  I'm not the only person who had a problem, but I think everyone else managed to find a solution (besides side-loading).  Keep in mind I generally know what I'm doing and tried everything, and the "expert" at the brick-and-mortar store couldn't fix it, either.  The lady from Glee didn't come out and entertain us while they fixed our tablet, either... that was disappointing.So that's my review - it's decent hardware hamstrung by a few bugs and tight fisted control over content.  Some will argue that it's not meant to be a tablet, it's meant to be an e-reader, but let's be honest - it's marketed as a tablet; it's called the Nook TABLET.  It doesn't have to be an iPad, but it should work a lot better than it does at being a tablet.
I went to a few places just to try testing them out, best place to test them out first hand was BN. The people at Walmart didn't want you near them, and didn't know ANYTHING about them. Best Buy was pretty much the same, except you could 'sorta' test them out. BN though had people trained to know EVERYTHING about them, even the stuff that was not listed about them on the BN website.First thing not listed: if the Nook Colour can do it, so can the Nook Tablet. (for instance... read .cbz files without installing any extra apps)The 16gb model was much more responsive than the 8gb, so to me it was well worth the extra 50 bucks.Add to that that currently if you buy one at BN and don't like it, you have 2 weeks to return it for a full refund as long as it is still in new condition (so no attempting to root the device, which from what the rep told me will brick it unlike the Colour)that pretty much sold me, I found a place with micro SD cards on sale, bought a few, and took my Nook home.Pros:The screen is AWESOME! I use it for reading .cbz comics and .pdf files more than anything. The missing gap between the glass and screen made reading much better. Also the response on the touch screen was great.much better response time at turning pages, launching apps and using the inet that other tablets in the budget rangenative flash supportnative .cbz support (main reason I bought it)supports almost every popular ebook format except for .mobi (which can be converted to epub or .pdf anyway)good size for holding one handed for reading and lightweight (under a pound)battery life... 11 hours+ with wifi off, 8+ with it on, I tried it out and watched lots of movies and did some reading on it without it coming close to dying on me.a test drive opportunity if you buy it at BN and dont scratch it up or anything. I like the idea that I was able to take it home and so if it actually does everything that I want it to do wihtout a fear that I'm stuck with it for good.also if you buy it from BN you can buy an 'oops' return warranty (which means if you spill coffee on it or drop it, it can be replaced)affordable if you go without things like eating out 2x a week for awhileCons:lack of Android Market, lack of some apps I would like to see on the BN market (such as Google Music app) no sideloading apps at the moment either. That being said, this also means that apps available from BN will actually work with your Nook, there isnt a quantity over quality in the app store either. This means that if you've bought an app from Android market, you will have to buy it again if you want to use it on the Nook.The screen. trust me, I love it. But unlike other tablets where if you crack the glass you just have to replace the glass, on the Nook if you crack it, the screen is toastno front facing camera (or any camera for that matter). The ability to use Skype would have been nice, but wasn't a complete necessity. I've had many friends with tablets that had a camera that swear they never used it even once, and thinking about it, I wuld seldom use it either since most places outsite of my house that I will use it are places where video chatting would be frowned on, like Starbucks or the libraryno bluetooth, which to me didn't matter, but it seems to be an issue for some people. There IS bluetooth, but it's disabled and there isn't a way to enable itno GPS, this would be nice, unlike bluetooth, I would actually use it.mono speaker instead of stereo, again seems to be an issue for other people, I plug it into the minijack on my surround sound at home or the jack in my car stereo when I'm on the road though and its just fine. I use headphones if I'm out and about. Why on earth would I care about speakers that I never use anyway?no .flac support. a good chunk of my digital music now is .flac. it does have .ogg support thoughno .avi support. again, a massive portion of my movies etc are all in .avi format. It does have .mkv and .mp4 support though, so from here on out I will just have to rip my video files in those formats if I plan on watching them on it.lack of decent accessories selection. lets face it, the case market seems to be geared toward people that worship at the church of Steve, and the availability of accessories shows it.
And what is it? Why it's an outdated B&N; Tablet! A friend of mine purchased this after seeing my 9in HD+ tablet, but wanted the smaller 7in version. It works fine for what it is, but it caused her much confusion as it did not seem "as nice" to her as my 9in concerning screen quality.And that's because this is not the NEW Nook HD with a 1440X900 screen resolution and upgraded hardware, firmware, and software which has been on sale everywhere since the B&N; Father's Day Sale was extended indefinitely. This is the OLD Nook color with a standard 1024X768 resolution screen and minus the upgraded hardware and OS.IOW this is the old model :)So if looking for that "new, on sale" tablet by B&N; like my friend was, well, this ain't it. She will be returning hers and getting what she wanted initially.As for this one it looks fine and works fine for what it was, but comes up short these days, period.
The nook tablet is great.I have used it to check e-mail,browse and look at books,and also transferred one from my p.c.I like the way it will sync with the direction its rotated,and I love the touch screen.Thanks Amazon!
Check your SN with Barnes & Noble's 800 number. Mine was used from BuyAccessories. I paid $70 too much as used is under $30 these days.
I read all the reviews and decided to buy this Barnes and Noble Nook for my Grandson for Christmas it was used but with original box and accesories  through EZ CORPS!!!  And I'm happy to say this Barnes and Noble is the best I ever invested in the picture and color is beautiful. Let's put it this way my niece that has the kindle was checking out the Barnes and Noble nook and compared it to her kindle said that the Barnes and Noble Nook has a clear picture than her kindle and more apps!!! And I told her I did my homework and looked this Nook up and it had the best reputation as far as for a kid,Young teen, Best nook ever invested in money and used at that but I will only order used if the item says like New with original Box with Accesories . And  I will only order anything used through EZ CORPS!! Best company to ever order anything from on Amazon fast professional customer service and love there shipping and handling !! And there all there used products are tested before selling which is a plus. I would Highly recommend this company any day to any one , Friends,Family,etc,Yes this Barnes & Noble Nook is well worth ordering used or new. Thank you Kristen Cates.
I could not be more pleased with - or impressed by - the Nook Tablet! I know that Amazon is "enemy territory", but the NT does a much better job of meeting my needs than would a Kindle Fire.Not only can I use my NetFlix account but I also have full access to the Amazon Prime website to watch films and videos!The screen is incredible - bright and colorful and very fast due to both the fast processor and the full Gig of RAM. I popped-in a 16G micro SDHC card and have more than enough room for my entire library of sideloaded epubs, pdfs, mp3s, and mp4 videos.And, of course, the primary use: It's now much easier to read in bed at night. The backlit screen means no more glare from an external reading light.
I have tried the IPad, the Kindle, and the Sony, and nothing has worked better than this Nook Tablet. It's light, the screen resolution is amazing for movies, and the applications I use work beautifully. Even the speakers are excellent for what they are. No complaints at all.
Nice specs with nice screen. Not worth the price with just the stock operating system, might as well save the bucks and buy the cheaper color model. You cannot use the larger 16gb internal memory to load your own files as the bad boys at B&N; restricts your access to only 1gb of that memory. UPDATE: Because of the unhappy owners B&N; will relax this restriction when you take the unit into their store and reserved space will be changed so you get 8gb free space.As is, the unit is SEVERELY crippled from making full use of its outstanding specs. Turn this baby into a great Android tablet by "rooting" it - easily and painlessly done by buying one of those SD card based kits. I got a 32 GB card with the root kit and I now have full access to Android apps with the ability to revert back to stock is if desired. You can now get all these capabilities on a really good performing tablet for well under $130 (like new used) but remember you get a unit that's a generation old and doesn't have bluetooth, gps, and hdmi out like most other newer tablets have.
If all you want is a tablet for reading B&N; books and periodicals and maybe playing the occasional cheesy game, this is for you.  Otherwise, pass.This is listed as an Android tablet but it's not.  It's Android on the surface but it can't access Google Play and instead uses the B&N; app store.  This means paying for apps that are free elsewhere.Also, my unit takes an incredibly slow 2 minutes to boot, drops wireless signals that are strong and includes a browser that has the speed of a 90s drug store computer.Wonder where the camera is?  It's at the factory -- there isn't one.  Forget Skype or face to face video chatting.Spend your $200 on a real tablet.By the way, not a slap at Amazon, just the tablet itself.
This thing has been through so much. Closed in doors, thrown across the room, been the object of desire in a toddler tug of war and it still keep working. It i just fantastic! To any one complaining that he app store for barns and noble is too small I say just sideload google play with the root kit. It is easy and doecker skills to do.
I'm happy, satisfied and proud of myself by selecting such a wonderful tablet like my NOOK.  Honestly it worths more than a five star rating.I will recall a phrase in a movie, it came to a certain point when I had to decide between style and substance...That's right! I got both on this Tablet.The product arrived two weeks ago, I did charge the battery and afterwards registreded the product so I immediately starting getting books, nowadays I have plenty of Nook Books to read ahead.My co-workers and friends love the aesthetics of the Nook look, as I love all the features in the device.Pros: All of them.- The screen is so clear ("Wows!" me all the time), fast response to tasks, easy menu, fast processor, Micro SD card slot added 32GB extra fun (big smile), lightweight, long life battery. etc.Cons: None
The Nook Tablet is a solid hybrid tablet/eBook reader.  It excels at eBook reading, and has many functions as a tablet as well.  This is a minor upgrade for Nook Color owners, but a major upgrade for those going from the Nook or Kindle eInk display reader.Pros:7" VividView IPS touchscreen, bonded for glare reduction.  This is the best IPS screen on the market in this class of device.MicroSD card slot, for up to 32GB of extra storage.Built-in Microphone for voice recording, particularly usefull to "read" books to your children without having to physically be there.Reliable Wifi card.1 GB built in RAM for smooth, fast video.Netflix and Hulu.eReader bests the competitions.Easy to root, if that is something you would do.Cons:It's $50 more than some low end hybrids.Much like the other low end tablet's, it runs on Android, which is not the best tablet experience.Limited apps, although the list expands almost daily.Overall, this is a great device and although it is $50 more than some of the competitors models, it is also a far more refined product which doesn't have many of the problems of the others.Highly recommended!
the nook color is a great tablet. it sometimes is very slow but it is still a good tablet. i have dropped it a few times and it is still okay.
For the price this is a great tablet. It lacks a camera, GPS, and bluetooth, but that still leaves a lot, between web browsing and running lots of Android apps. Barnes and Noble did cripple these with limited software through their store but I did get around that by rooting mine.That said, I was sort of surprised to see this pop up as something recommended by Amazon today. The newer version is faster, has a higher resolution screen, is lighter despite same screen size, and has bluetooth. (Still no camera or GPS). B&N; also is now allowing access to the Google Play Store. It is available on the newer version but I don't know if they updated the software for this one to allow access. I suspect they didn't but this would be something to check on if considering purchasing.If you want a tablet for web browsing, checking email, ebooks, video, and many other apps and this is as much as you want to spend, then it isn't a bad deal. I would recommend paying more for the newer version--the Nook HD. (They also make a version with a larger screen, the HD+)Also note that there are third party programs available which will allow you to boot a rooted Android system off of an SD card. This will give more options but I found the original Nook Tablet to be sluggish running off such a card--possibly because I also went to Jelly Bean and this might have been too much for the older tablet. I wound up going back to running the rooted software directly off the tablet (but rooting is more work than inserting a card). The HD works well off a rooted Jelly Bean card.
I have used several different 7 inch tablets. The best I used was the Galaxy Tab 7.0 plus. This is a less expensive tablet and very, very good. But rooting the Nook Tablet made it great.That is a fairly easy thing to do with a bit of patience and reading. There are step-by-step videos on how to do this and links to necessary files. All you need to get you started is Google "root Nook Tablet". Yes, when it is rooted it does void the Nook Tablet warranty, but it can be unrooted without problems.The screen is beautiful, it is fast and with the micro SD card slot, has plenty of room for storage. I bought my 16gb for $229. A great tablet for the price and I use it every day. Great purchase.The Galaxy Tabs are noted for audio quality and, of course, have some features that can be useful. But the Nook Tablet is mighty fine and a great investment for the price.
The customer support people at Barnes & Noble site are clueless. They are useless for providing help. If you buy tablet, you are on your own. In the store it is the same.
If you want an e-reader, get an e-reader - the battery dies in a few hours (or a couple, depending on brightness settings). If you want a tablet, get a tablet. There are far better options for a similar price. If all you want to do is read magazines and buy a few apps, fine. But this thing is truly lacking. I've owned mine for 6 months, and haven't changed my mind about it yet.UPDATE: The product gets even worse with age. It will not fully charge, ever, and at 15% it goes crazy. It runs all sorts of apps, closes them, types things into the browser, and won't let you use the tablet at all. This may not seem like a big deal, but it is unacceptable. 15% should still be enough to read for a bit, rather than going psycho and taking over the device.
Just picked up a refurbished Nook Tablet from newegg's website and its amazing. Only has a 1024 x 600 pixel screen but from a foot away you can't tell the different between this and a device with 1200 x 800 pixels or more. Reading is a pleasure. I've had all the Kindles and all the Nooks and for the best overall reading experience the Nook is better.Why? The Nook devices feel great to hold. The plastics are soft, all the buttons are in good places, and recharging takes no time at all. Also, the software layout and navigation is easy and logical. Next, the font choices, sizes, and other personalizations are all useful. And finally, no freaking ads. You can personalize your home screen and on the Nook Touch you can select your own photos for the screen saver.What's my problem then with Kindle? Couple things. The ads of course. Also, I personally don't care for the software. You are stuck in their software with no way to personalize it. Boring! Also, the buttons are in bad places so you can accidentally shut the device off. On the lower priced Kindles the font choices are fewer and the smaller size choices are useless unless you use a magnifying glass. And the devices aren't as nice to hold. At least on the Fires they took the idea from Nook on making the backs have a soft plastic.I'm pretty sure that anyone who takes the time to try both Nook and Kindle will like the Nook better. As reading devices go they just make more sense. As far as a full fledged tablet goes you'll have to look to Apple or Samsung in my opinion. Matter of fact I am writing this review on my iPad and shortly I will go back to reading on my Nook Tablet.
I love using this. It's light and easy and fast! LOVE that is has hte capability of Google Play on it! So hard to find things that are compatible
my wife was tired of dragging books around she loves the covienence of the tablet and can make the text larger
I purchased the Kindle 1, then a BeBook (because it reads PDFs), and now a Kindle DX for the Text-To-Speech. The Nook looks so cool, until you own one. Heavy copy protection, even on PUBLIC DOMAIN books is ridiculous. And, from what I am reading on the web, the books are encoded with a person's credit card # and other personal info. So ... hackers can rejoice if I loose my Nook.Anyway, books are still cheaper on Amazon.The color touch screen is cool, until you realize that it takes up SOOOO much of the reading area and ... costs battery!Maybe next year, the nook will be ready for prime time.
First let me say that when the Nook first came out on the market it caught my eye. I begin to research e readers.. I even went to the store and tested the nook, played with it. I went to other stores that had other e readers and looked at them as well. Then one of my coworkers showed me her Kindle and I was able to play with it and look at it.Then the i pad came out, So I went to the store and looked at the i pad and played with it as well. I have read review after review and watched you-tube...Well The holidays came and my husband bought me the Nook!!! I was so excited! I wanted the Nook as soon as I saw it, but took my time and compared it to other e readers.. I knew right from the start which e reader I wanted after being in discussion with others about e readers and after looking and playing with a few of them.Right out of the box the Nook, made me happy and gave me confirmation of my long desire to own the Nook. My husband knew that I wanted it, but I waited trying to justify why I needed an e reader and to see if anyone of them would go beyond my expectations. The Nook did exactly that! For me the Nook was worth the money and time it took to decide on which one to purchase... Here is why I love the Nook, I can lend books to other, I can download from my library which is so awesome! I can surf the net for FREE!!!!!! no monthly fees like the i pad, It fits in my computer bag, purse, which makes it so easy to take with me, It has my favorite games, Chess and Sukodu! It was easy for me to download a ebook that I already have, but have been unable to read due to me not wanting to tote my lap top around, the book loaded right from my lap top to the Nook in no time... The amount of free books that are available to the Nook, and the daily free treats from Barnes And Nobles! Which will more than pay for the Nook over time. Being able to call Barnes and Nobles and talk to a live person over the phone and being able to walk in the store and get face to face customer service.I also like the fact that when you are in the store you can read ebooks for free for an hour and download more free ebooks! For me It was the right choice for our family, as when we go to Barnes and Nobles with our children we can stay longer now that we have the nook and can receive free treats and more free ebooks! It pays for itself... These are some of the reason why I love my nook and I am excited that I received the Nook for a gift! I can not say enough about the Nook, I don't have to be tied to one book store like Itunes, Ibook, are the Kindle store... I don't like limits and the Nook allows me to be free to choose where to get my books from...Now with that said, When I visited my local Barnes and Nobles and received a free smoothie, It was so stress free and everyone was so nice.. I could not believe it!I have also downloaded music that I can listen to and have my ear plugs for that, I have also downloaded several books which was so easy to download that I was shocked! I like getting my monies worth, and not having to pay extra monthly fees.Now with that said, I hope that when you do your research you will consider the Nook, I am surprised that there are not more reviews than the current number of reviews. Well back to my Nook, as I can not put it down!What a great gift, and a great buy!!!
I got my Nook Wi-Fi/3G about 2 months ago, and I love it!  I researched ALOT of ereaders before making the decision to buy the Nook; in fact, I originally bought a Kindle from a local store, but never took it out of the box, and returned it to purchase the Nook.I originally decided to go with the 3G for two reasons; 1) I wasn't sure I could set up my home wi-fi to work with the Nook, and 2) I wanted to be able to purchase books from absolutely anywhere.  And I've been glad I chose that; I have yet to purchase a book over just the wi-fi.  I was at a doctors office recently, waiting and waiting and waiting, and it was wonderful to be able to shop, buy a book, and start it while enduring the endless waiting.The customer service from Barnes and Noble is great, all I have to do is walk in the store with my Nook and the employees are knowledgable and helpful for helping with the Nook.  Also, the store nearest me has "classes" on Saturday afternoons for Nook/NookColor owners, and I found that to be very helpful when I first purchased my Nook.Speaking of the physical store, I also like that I can read any book for FREE for up to an hour a day in the store.  That gives me the opportunity to read alot more of a book than just what they provide as a "free sample" and lets me decide whether to purchase the book or not.I've looked at the newest generation Nook, which has just recently become available, and I'm glad I got my Nook when I did; I like it so much better than ANY ereader I've looked at.  I can drop my nook in my purse, and anytime I'm stuck somewhere and want to read, I've got a whole library right there with me.  The Nook is awesome!!!
Pros: Very nice display , clear than Sony Prs-600S. 5 Star for this.Cons: Touch screen not responsive, navigation is not good. It is a stupid to have two screen for read and menu. waste spaces. Software looks buggy, very irresponsive even if updated the firmware to latest 1.4.3., 2 star for this.Final star 3.
I have been super happy with this reader.  In the bright sun sitting outside, no problem.  On the many flights I take, no problem.  B&N; site and downloading books is a breeze.  I've got a Droid X phone, and the accounts sync, so I can quickly pull up the same book on my phone with the Nook App, very cool.I can lend, and have others lend me, some of the books purchased.Our local library in Central Texas, outside Austin, is connected to Overdrive.com.  With my library card I can download epub books and check them out, anywhere I've got internet.  I don't have to check them back in, they just go away after the check out period.  Same with Audiobooks.  Nook handles this format, other eReaders do not, so you might want to look into this option and what formats the readers have before making a decision.I like the onscreen keyboard/touch screen, personally.  It is bright and easy in areas where dimly lit and the light in your reader case is directed at the reading screen.  Seems like no big deal, but after 28 hours on a plane you get tired and this makes a difference.Not a bunch of keys to hit/press with the keyboard exposed.  This is a personal opinion, and I can absolutely understand why others may want the keyboard.  I put in pagemarks etc on books, but don't type a lot of notes into the ebooks when reading.  If you do a lot of this, you may want to test run the onscreen keyboard and see if you like it.  I don't, the amount of typing is very limited, so onscreen is perfect and I'm used to it with my phones.Using this over wifi to surf the internet is something you can do, but it isn't the best.  You can in a pinch, but it's easier for me to pull out my smartphone and crank into a website.The number of places to get books, especially free ones, is awesome with the Nook handling so many formats.  B&N; just search 0.00 and titles and you'll get thousands of classics come up that copyright is over and they are free.  gutenberg.org is puts free classics by the tens of thousands out that you can download onto your Nook for free, google books does this and a few other sites.  Tons and Tons of books for free, I haven't read Tom Sawyer in 20+ years and am now, for free.  Just an addition to note.Lots of periodicals, newspapers etc, that you can get daily.I take my kids into B&N; and they love to look through the kids books.  While there, I can read any book over their Wifi for free for up to an hour.  I don't use this a lot, but once a month or so when I take the kids, it's pretty cool.Overall, I'm really pysched, this Nook has been awesome.
Most of the other reviews have the details about what is good and bad in their opinion, and most of it is accurate. The battery life is misrepresented by B&N.; The only way you could possibly get 10 days out of the battery is if it is off. However, 2 to 4 days is a real possibility, So, bring your charger or USB to computer cable. Just like Apple IPOD, the B&N; folks decided to use a non-standard USB cable that appears to match the Apple ones. This is a minor problem, but do not expect to borrow a USB cable from someone while on travel. The included small charger worked very well.The key thing is how does the NOOK function as a book reader. In my opinion, it is adequate, and no more. I downloaded a number of free books without any problem. I also downloaded some paid books form B&N.; Once again, no problem. Finally, I downloaded some books from my public library onto my computer (not the NOOK)using the free Adobe software. Using the USB cable to my NOOK, I simply dragged the books to the NOOK, and voila, two seocnds later they were available for 14 days. So far so good. One could now rant about the interface (so-so), or the fact that you should reduce the color-screen brightness to about 10% to save the battery as well as turn off the WI-FI when not in use, and so forth, but how does it work when reading a book.If you are like me, and read fairly fast, most books will be a real page turners, since there is not much on a page compared to a real print on paper book. The print is clear. It is faily black on a slightly grey background (some might say off-white), which under a bright reading light is quite comfortable. For the eyesight challenged, there are bigger fonts accompanied with still more page turning. The same is true of the KINDLE. Page turning is easy and intuitive, so not a problem. Use the buttons on the side, not the color interface.A big feature of the NOOK is the ability to add a memory card. Well it is true you can do this, but it is not for the faint of heart or fingernail impaired. The first time you try to open the NOOK using the nearly invisible tab, you will wonder if you are going to break the cover. Just be careful, follow the instructions, and all will be well. Now, why would you want to add memory. As it arrives, the NOOK holds a huge number of books. You might want to add some of your work in PDF documents - this chews up space fast - and the pdf reading capability is primitive at best. Get a small netbook for this purpose and leave the NOOK for books. Changing the battery-RIGHT! Perhaps at the end of life, 2 to 3 years, to save a service trip. By then the technology will be antique, and you will replace the whole NOOK, not just the battery.A disappointment is the lack of even a primitive browser so that you could check email without lugging along another computer. The KINDLE has this feature. The NOOK can be "upgraded" to also have a browser, but then it is non-standard, and you might have trouble as B&N; upgrades the official firmware. Perhaps B&N; will relent and give us email capability similar to the APPLE I-Touch. I can understand not wanting to overload AT&T; with too much traffic, but simple text emails should not have been a problem.Finally, why would you want a NOOK in the first place. Remember, real books use no power, are truly random access, can be lent to anyone for as long as you like, and will function far into the future regardless of technology changes. The only purpose I can see for having a NOOK is for travel and for electronically borrowing books from a library without getting into your car or walking overmuch. Well, scratch the last, since you can borrow and read books on your computer. The airplane travel or train commute is a biggie. Books are heavy and bulky. Carrying 6 books onto an airplane is a pain. Plus, hauling out your NOOK to read makes you look technically COOL, and for the short term, is sure to start a conversation with a nearby stranger. The conversation might be interesting and better than the NOOK-book you were going to read.Well, I've written enough and am going to read a book that I just downloaded from the local library. I'll try not spill my soup on the NOOK while reading and eating -or it would become a SOUPER-NOOK.
I bought the original nook in Aug. 2010. Initially, I liked it, but I quickly learned that the battery life wasn't nearly the quoted time (it lasts about 2 days for me, 3 max with wireless off and the most power-saving settings). The e-ink/lcd screen mix was nice for navigation, although I understand that the newer touch models will be more battery-efficient. Despite this drawback, it was so much more convenient than paperbacks. As much as I love the feel of books, in a NYC apartment, there just isn't all that much room for them!That nook lived for about 9 months until a part of the screen died - just black pixels. I called customer service and after a long painful process, got it replaced. The unit I got was clearly a refurbished unit, which wouldn't have bothered me, had it been identical to the one I sent it. My original nook had a two-part screen, this new nook had a one-part screen and its' buttons squeaked when pressed. Little did I know at the time that this was the sign of a very important defect! As it happened, this 'squeaking', which made the buttons difficult to press, also caused the page-turn buttons to crack just one month past warranty. Needless to say, I wasn't delighted. Apparently, the page-turn buttons cracking is a very common defect. So if you buy a nook, remember this: if the button squeaks and is hard to press, it will break. Return it while you can. Not all the nooks are like this (my old one wasn't), so I recommend checking it out.Overall - 3/5 - it's a solid reading device but doesn't really compare to the new-generation nook simple touch/kindle touch devices or even the Kindle 3 keyboard (which I now also own).
I bought a Nook today. The one and only reason I chose Nook (instead of just sticking with and upgrading my beloved old Kindle 1) is its ability to download books from the public library. Tomorrow I am taking the Nook back to Best Buy for a refund, not an exchange. The Nook is attractive and nicely packaged. I completely expected it to just work, like my Kindle did (and still does) and all of my Apple products do. But, like so many other reviewers here, my Nook never even got up and running before it croaked. First, it would not complete the registration process. I have an active account on B&N; and strong WiFi in my home, plus this Nook also has 3G so there were not any connection problems. Then, when I decided to just register later and moved on to explore how the Nook worked, it froze. Could not reboot or turn it off by holding down power key as suggested in the troubleshooting help/support on the B&N; website. It did not work. I do not want to mess with taking the back off, using little screwdrivers or whatever to take out (the fully charged) battery, etc. We should not have to do that on a brand new 200.00 product! So, am taking it back and won't buy another until they improve the quality of the thing. I never had one bit of trouble with my trusty Kindle, and would not even be looking at another brand of reader except for Kindle's inability to download library books.  I'm giving the Nook two stars instead of one because, if it actually worked, it looks like it would be a nice ereader and it has a more open format than Kindle does.Update: 1/28/11Went to return the Nook for a refund today and at the last minute decided to give it another go, so did exchange instead. Tonight charged and powered up the replacement Nook, so far so good. It works perfectly. Registration was smooth and fast, wifi connected easily with my signal, downloaded a book quickly, and navigation is a breeze.  No problems encountered yet except that it is not downloading an available firmware update, and there's probably some explanation for that so not a big deal.  So, I might just end up keeping this baby as a companion to my Kindle. Love having the Nook with its open format for library and other downloads. Will see how it holds up over the next several weeks and then update my rating accordingly.Update: 2/3/11Returned the Nook to Best Buy today and bought a Kindle 3 through Amazon. After exchanging the first defective Nook then using its replacement for several days I found that the device worked pretty much as it was supposed to. There are a couple of minor things about it that I was not crazy about and probably would have gotten used to, but there is one problem (design flaw?) that for me is definitely a deal killer. One of the minor annoyances is that there is a lot of screen flash during any menu change. Another is that the color, lighted touch screen control at the bottom of the device is distracting when it lights up at any touch during reading. And after a while I was not that crazy about the menu navigation either, seemed like too many steps and screen flashes, but probably could have gotten used to that too. I would not have rejected the Nook just over those little quirks. The big reason that the Nook was no way going to work out for me is, again, that touch screen display at the bottom of the device. It is, like an iPad, highly reflective. So what that means is that when the screen is off, which it is most all of the time during reading, you can watch yourself read! The black screen reflects anything in front of it, almost like a dark mirror. That was a no go for me, no I did not like it at all. Aside from these annoyances, the Nook did well at everything it was designed to do. So will upgrade the rating to reflect (haha) that. I have to say that I am much happier with the Kindle, but Amazon really needs to get with the program and let Kindle use the epub format. They will eventually lose me and a lot of other prospective customers over the epub problem, it is that big of a deal.Yet another update! 5/31/11Caved in and purchased another Nook last week. I still love my Kindle and prefer it over Nook, but just could not wait another minute for Amazon to open Kindle to ePub for downloading public library books. So, last week when B&N; had Nooks for sale cheap on their eBay website (99.00, free ship, 3g/wifi, non-color, refurb w/ full warranty) I jumped on it. This refurb Nook worked much better out of the box than my initial brand new device purchased then returned back in Jan/Feb. I am using the Nook just for library books, and it does what it's supposed to do. Navigation works well, but seems like it requires more step than Kindle. Still do not like the reflective color screen below the reading area. There is one thing that I do like better on Nook, the screen background is a paler gray than Kindle making for easier reading in low light. I will keep this Nook until Amazon does ePub, then stick with Kindle.
Had this for sevral months now and I love it. I love the touch screen which lets me see the covers of books in COLOR!VERY easy to set up account with B&N; using my nook. It serches for wi-fi and is very easy.Anytime I have had any problem, a simple re-boot fixes it.I love the "free Friday" that is offered. I have read SOOO many books since I bought it.I also think I would like the "Lend Me" option if any of my friends HAD a nook.
Pros: eInk display preserves traditional reading experience and has great clarity and contrast. Reads PDF (both scanned and standard text) and EPUB book formats with no hassles or conversion required. In-store help and extra features from B&N.; Page turning speed is much improved with most recent update. Android OS allows for almost unlimited software improvements and added features. Replacement batteries can be bought and installed easily. Accepts SD cards for increased storage capacity (this really comes in handy if you want to use the device as an mp3 player or for audiobooks).Cons: eInk display requires you to operate at a bit slower pace than the touchscreen alone would allow. (Also: Not sure why the price from this supplier is abnormally high?)I've played with an iPad and it's a very fun device. But what I don't like is a glowing backlit screen, as I look at a monitor all day. When I read, I want to relax and give my eyes a break, and that's why I prefer eInk displays.The Nook's primary advantage over the Kindle is that it allows you to read EPUB and PDF books (scanned or text; either works) and buy books from various online ebook stores, including the Sony Reader store. This has already allowed me to read two titles that I wouldn't have been able to get for the Kindle. It also works very easily with Adobe Digital Editions software, a huge plus. Currently Amazon offers some titles that B&N; does not (a very temporary state of affairs, I suspect), but those are usually available from Sony.Add the book loan feature, free library books, and the ability to take it to a B&N; store for bonus features, and this unit pretty much stomps the Kindle and Sony readers.The Nook is a little slower than a phone or your other electronic devices due to the e-Ink screen, but once you get used to it, the device seems very smooth. In fact, I find that having to slow down a little actually helps me relax, and once you master turning pages with a quick brush of the thumb across the touchscreen, reading with the Nook is a very pleasant experience. I now prefer it to reading books in print, to be perfectly honest.
I have had my Nook for a week now and just love it.  I find the touchscreen easy to understand and use.  I have downloaded books from the local public library using OverDrive and Adobe Digital Edition and all have come through perfectly.  Downloading books from B & N have been quick and efficient.  I like being able to Find/Search forward and backward and to be able to look up words easily.  I have used bookmarks and highlights as well.  I also like the feature of being able to go to Last Read Page or to quickly pick a page using the Go To.  I have downloaded my own wallpaper and screen savers.  The two reasons I chose the Nook over the Kindle:  local support at Barnes and Noble and the ability to borrow ebooks from the public library.  I also easily added my own MicroSD card and added personal PDF documents to it. I love reading on it!!!
I will continue to update this review as I discover new features of the Nook, so stay tuned folks!*****************************************************************************Updated 02/08/2010*****************************************************************************I've been using my Nook with the newest update (v 1.2) for a few days now.  This is the second update to the Nook since launch.  All I can say is THANK YOU Barnes & Noble!The LCD screen improvements alone are GREAT!  With better looking icons, more responsiveness, and a sleeker appearance -- it makes me think of that McDonald's commercial: I'm lovin' it!Several of the well documented issues have been fixed, such as losing bookmarks due to powering off the unit -- which as it turns out was the most cited problem for Nook bashers and haters alike.  Nook haters will also be disappointed that the battery life has been optimized too.All-in-all if you've been waiting for the minor 1.0 issues to be fixed prior to purchasing the Nook you will not be disappointed in this newest version.  And if you have been considering switching from the Kindle you would be well advised to do so at this point.*****************************************************************************Updated 01/31/2010*****************************************************************************This device is clearly the best option on the market today, with it's LCD touchscreen, Wi-fi, memory expansion capabilities, and so, so much more. Let's "wade in the weeds" and look at some of the features in detail:LCD TouchscreenSo far this is the only mainstream reader to offer a LCD screen of any kind. The Coverflow-like book cover listing is beautiful, elegant, and functional. With the newest update it is uber fast, intuitive, and responsive. Page turns are super easy with the touchscreen, all you have to do is swipe the screen with one finger when it's in standby mode and the page turns.  In addition, it's easier for me to navigate books via the LCD than textually. Seeing the cover is a really nice feature, since books are designed to pique your interest by the cover. It just seems like a good cover sells a book, and seeing that cover in crisp LCD sells me from time to time.The keyboard is nice, any time a text field comes up you will have the keyboard pop up on queue. It's fast, responsive, and best of all doesn't look like a 1970's era fax machine keypad like some of the older readers on the market.Wi-fiThe built in Wi-fi is one of the great features of this device. Modern 3G speeds are pretty fast, but as most of us know that have smartphones, Wi-fi is about 100 times faster, especially when one tries to download large things, or a lot of content. The Wi-fi on this device is no exception... it's fast and super easy to set up. The on screen instructions are sooo clear to follow. I couldn't imagine only having 3G these days, like when you are in an area that doesn't have 3G coverage, you can still use the Nook over Wi-fi.  This is truly one of the killer features of the Nook.  You can go into a B&N; store and Wi-fi to your hearts content, but then come home and do the same.  Hotels offering free Wi-fi are the Nooks biach.Memory ExpansionThe Nook has a Micro-SD card slot which accepts up to 16GB Micro-SD cards, this allows you to upgrade your memory indefinitely. Another advantage would be to organize your books. And books on the card are never going to get lost if your reader dies -- without having to re-download from the cloud.  Plus with the new B&N; desktop reader you can move your books from the Nook to a laptop/netbook on the fly, and what if the worst should happen and your eReader dies?  You still have those books on the card.AppearanceThis is a biggy for me as it is for most people... I don't tend to buy or use things that look ugly. That's why I've got an iPod instead of a Zune, why I've got a LCD TV instead of a CRT, and now why I've got a Nook instead of another reader. The appearance of this device can be described with one word, SEXY. It just looks good. Other readers currently available range from looking "not too bad" to looking downright ugly. This reader is the exception to that rule and employs a host of features to boot.Book formats and availabilityThis is probably the biggest of all the features, since we are talking about a book reader, the Nook boasts a whopping 1,000,000 books available for it, in readily readable format, from just two sources (B&N; and Google). The nearest competitor only offers 500,000 books in it's native format (Kindle). You can convert many books to a Kindle readable format, but it's a hassle and you have to use your computer to do that. Sort of defeats the purpose of the wireless if you have to constantly connect to the PC. And there are third party sources for books in Kindle format, probably websites you've never heard of, new sites pop up all the time since Kindle has a big install base, but the quality of books on those sites is in question compared to a reputable company like Google.eInk displayIt seems to be crisper than much of the competition out there. The ability to change the typeface and size of the fonts is wonderful. The nearest competitors screen almost seems fuzzy in comparison, which for me makes it harder to read. Page changes are fast on the Nook, while nothing can compare with the speed of changing a real books' page, it's fast enough for the average person. Speed readers may find themselves waiting for a few milliseconds though. The controls on the Nook are straightforward and intuitive.Replacable batteryThis is another biggy for most ebook people, with the Nook you can change the battery out should you A) want extended reading times without charge, or B) if the original battery dies for some reason.  Many of the other readers on the market do not allow this, which means they are bricked if the battery dies and will either have to be repaired or replaced.Battery lifeA lot has been said about the battery life of the Nook, and other eReaders.  All of the manufacturers of these devices overstate the real world battery life in real world useage situations.  I have a co-worker with one of the Amazon (Kindle Brand) eReaders and he has to charge every 3 - 4 days.  Nook lasts for me about 5 - 7 days, but it all depends on what features you use on either or any of the devices and how much you use them to determine actual, real world battery usage. Either way, all of these devices are easy to charge.  Just plug into a standard 110 - 120 outlet and PRESTO!  Or in the case of the Nook, you can also plug into your computer/laptop/netbook and VOILA!  You will be on go in no time flat.Ease of useThe Nook is easy to set up and use, The onscreen keyboard is more familiar and similar to modern devices than many of the competitors setups.SummaryThere are so many features of this device it's hard to capture them all in one review. All in all this is one great device, with it's iPod like look and feel, large number of built in features, and industry standard operating system, it's clearly the choice of discerning electronics customers.*******************************Update*******************************So, I had been told on these comments that the B&N; in store functionality was not ready to be used yet -- another lie dispelled today.  I stopped in at the B&N; in Hillsboro and it is in fact fully functional.  My Nook immediately recognized the B&N; network and connected without me even having to tell it to!  As it turns out there is exclusive content at each B&N; store, at this particular one there were multiple books that could be downloaded for FREE!!!  So, seeing one that piqued my interest I naturally downloaded it.  Wow, super fast and convenient, and FREE!
The Nook is the best e-reader yet. It replaces the keyboard on the Kindle with a color touch screen about the size of the iPhone display. This makes it easy to maneuver between  the store, your library, your current book, the daily (with messages, newsletters, and other free content), and settings. The LCD display changes from menu items to images of book covers to a keyboard as needed, and then turns off when reading.You can connect by both WiFI and free 3G to download a purchase in seconds, and connect with WiFi to get content and other offers when you walk into a B&N; store. I'm using the latest 1.1.1 SW release that fixes most of the issues noted in early reviews. Updates are done automatically over the air.The nook feels great in the hand with a slightly contoured back that adds a little thickness for the hand to grip. Controls are provided for equal usability by a left or right-hander person. The back is removable and replaceable with different colors. They are all rubber coated to make it less likely to drop. Unlike the Kindle the battery is replaceable and the memory is expandable. The e-ink display is the same type, but appears to be slightly crisper than the Kindle 2. The nook supports  EPUB (Non or Adobe DRM), PDB (Non DRM), PDF, Graphics: JPG, GIF, PNG, BMP, Audio: MP3, PDB. The online B&N; bookstore has about a million books compared to the Kindle store with half that, the major difference being the free public domain books provided by Google.Summary:While it costs the same as the Kindle, the nook is loaded with extra features: WiFi, color LCD, removable battery, expandable memory, more open book formats.  You can customize your nook with your own photos to create personal screen savers and lend between nook, iPhone, a PC and a Mac.
This is a good item. Even though it's old, it's sticks to what an reader should be. It really is good for just reading books. It has great battery and the 3G works everywhere
I already own a Wi-Fi + 3G Kindle and had compared reviews between the Nook and Kindle extensively, before buying the Kindle.  But because the Nook allows you to borrow books from the local library for free, and my wife was hogging the Kindle, I decided to try a Nook, at a reduced price.  While the Kindle is clearly a superior product, (lighter, faster, easier to use and much longer battery life), I found the Nook okay at the price I paid.It was a little difficult to learn how to navigate with the touch screen and the set-up seemed ponderous, but once I got the hang of it, I've borrowed a book a week from the library.  The reduced price for the product was because someone had returned it and it presumably had been repaired.  I haven't found anything wrong with it and it looked new, unscratched and unmarked, so as a back-up to a Kindle, I'd recommend it.  I'm getting about 3-5 days of battery life in "airplane mode" (wi-fi and 3G turned off), and that's enough to finish a book without recharging.  I'm not rating reliability, because I've only had it for about a month.
If i had known that the 3g is not good for anything except purchasing books (yes I know it is my fault for not doing more research), I would not have paid more for the 3g version as I don't need the ability to get books anytime anywhere.  The web browser only works on wifi.  Anyway, I really like the Nook. I bought a refurb from one of those daily deal sites for a very good price. I have only had it for about a week so I can't speak for it's reliability but I have loaded lots of free ebooks (what I bought it for) from various sources, some audio books for my kids, and some music.  I like the web browser and the sudoku game.  The only thing I would change if I could is to have an option to combine the "my b&n library" with "my documents" because when you get books from anywhere else besides B&N, it goes to your documents.  I would like to be able to pull up my "mysteries" shelf and be able to see all of my mysteries not just the "documents" set or the "B&N" set.  I think it would make it more user friendly to have that be an option (only an option since some people probably like it the way it is).  It's a bit heavier than I thought it would be but not unmanageable.  I haven't used the library yet but have gotten epub books elsewhere (the epub ability is the reason I chose Nook over Kindle even though there are a lot more free Kindle books).  Overall, yes I would recommend a Nook but I would have gone for the cheaper wifi version had I known that the 3g was useless to me.
n my honest opinion nook is unfinished product.none of my technical books in pdf format i was able to read due to pdf reader rendering formulas all over the screen with middle-size font.i am able to see formulas in small font but then the rest of text is unreadable.formula rendering in medium font is a mess however text is readable. i would have expected developer of the device spent more time on fine-tuning the text rendering on ebook reader.other issue is font randomly changing from small to medium in pdf format.
My wife has had a Nook for a few months and loves it.  I ordered one thinking it would be great.  It arrived and I loaded a part of my book collection and immediately ran into trouble.If I loaded a few books all went well but when I tried to load about one hundred it gave me a message that it was looking for new items.  I don't know where it went looking but it was a long long trip.  Ten hours later it was still out looking.I tried everything including customer service.  Emailed - never heard from them.  Phoned and the tech blamed me, the books etc but never the Nook.  Resulting conclusion from him was that I should buy books from Barnes and Noble so they would work.  I asked why they advertized that it would read .pdf and .epb.  He said, well, most of the time it reads them.Phoned tech again and this one said that it was defective and set up a replacement.  Replacement came and it was doing the same thing.  I left it for nearly twelve hours and nothing happening.I googled and found others are having the same problem, some believe it is related to the new update Barnes and Noble put out.  I am no longer concerned as it is on the way back.
I won't rehash the Nook vs. Kindle issue, but we'll say I chose to buy the Nook because it just sounded better based on what people were saying. HOWEVER - I'd say i made a huge mistake. I loved the way the Nook worked, but reliability becamea huge issue. My first Nook died within 24 hours. I figured it was just a bad egg, took it back, and they completely replaced it with a brand new one. My second one died 6 months later. I took it to two different stores and they were unable to fix it. Since it is still under warranty, They advised I call or email.  Over the last 3 months, I've sent several emails and get auto-responses saying they have a higher volume of messages than usual, please call. I've also racked up tons of cell phone minutes trying to call and have yet to break through before my lunch break is over, or my toddler starts wanting my attention, etc... I guess I'll just chalk it up to a total waste of my money and start saving for a Kindle!!!
I Wondered if this is designed solely for reading Text-only books/magazines. I have some books with i purchased are in PDF. Plus i have some word documents which i have converted to PDF. Both in my books and in my Word-Converted-PDF files have lot of pictures. Lot of the data are tabular representation are actually pictures. When i read them in nook, The letters in the pictures are virtually unreadable as they are too small. When i try to increase the font size, it does not work. IT WORKS ONLY FOR TEXTS! I Have never used kindle so don't know if the issue is there in kindle too. Also the PDF Pages are scattered all over the place. 1 Page in actual PDF file appears as 3 pages sometimes with a blank page in between. Not sure what is causing this.MY Nook does have a Web Browser but it only works with WI-FI, Not with the 3G. In 3G you can ONLY interact with BarnesandNobles.comThe touch screen response and user-friendliness are OK. Not great, After dealing with much more faster and better touch screens we use now-a-days.Go for it (And Kindle) if you are reading Text only book with very little or no graphics. AMAZON and B&N; Needs to improve their products and i am sure they will!
I got the Nook the day before Nook Color was announced. I actually waited until the Nook Color was announced before opening the box - I wanted to see what the new gadget had to offer and if it'd be worth trading mine in.There were some rumors that the Nook Color would feature a screen with Mirasol technology, and I was disappointed to learn that it actually had an LCD screen coated with something to reduce glare. I state at an LCD screen all day at work, and don't want to do the same while reading. Plus, I'm not sure how well the LCD screen would fare in the sun and I'm interested to hear feedback from Nook Color owners.I think the color screen matters if you want to read a lot of magazines, or textbooks, or kids' books, none of which I'll be doing. Nook Color also stores more books (6000) and allows the reader to send updates to Facebook and Twitter directly from the eReader. Personally, I didn't find any of these extra features particularly appealing, so I'm happily sticking with the original Nook.My Observations/Pros of the Nook-It's bigger than I expected, in a good way. It's not heavy, but has a nice "significant" feel to it.-I think few people realize how clear and book-like the e-Ink screen actually is. I showed the Nook to some friends, and that was the first thing they noticed.-The bottom LCD touch-screen adds a little oomph with the color buttons and book covers.-Getting ePub books from the public library has been surprisingly easy, although you have to connect the Nook to a computer in order to transfer the ePub files.-I've been enjoying the Nook Facebook group where administrators post a free eBook every Friday.-The instructional videos online are very helpful in getting started with the Nook.Cons-BN.com has a Free NookBooks section, but for some reason, not all the free eBooks are listed. I saw some Kindle titles that were available for free, and when I searched on BN.com, turns out they were free there as well.-I didn't care much about the LendMe feature of the Nook, but it was still disappointing to learn that not all purchased eBooks can be lent out. Publishers control which titles can be used for lending, and each book can only be lent out once....ever.-The PDF manual for the Nook is very confusing and can benefit from some serious editing.-There are definitely more Kindle books than NookBooks available, but I hope that will change in the near future.All in all, I am pretty happy with the Nook and I think the fact that it supports a wider range of eBook formats outweighs many of the cons. I like not being tied down to one proprietary format and being able to check out eBooks from the library is priceless to me.
Very happy with the purchase of the nook.  Wonderful minimalist design lends well to an e-reader - It's easy to hold and is the perfect size for those used to the size of a paperback (slightly larger, yes, but certainly not as large as the Kindle or the Ipad).  I'm tired of these negative reviews about devices that are defective - Yes, we all get electronics that go bad, but really, can't you talk about the functionality of the device a bit?  Anyway, the device isn't perfect (interface not as smooth as the Ipad), but for the price and functionality it's great.  I can read e-books borrowed from my local library, have free 3G service when I'm out and about, and I like the fact that the reading screen is not touch based (avoids fingerprints).  All in all, worth the price.
perfect, as described Thank you
Great Product Great Sale, I just Love this product, and my children will too I want one for myself this is suppose to be their christmas gift but I want one now.
The Nook HD is a great $100 book reader. It is sometimes on sale for even less at Barnes & Noble stores.It is NOT an Apple Ipad, but it will let you check email, surf the internet, listen to music on Pandora or watch movies on Netflix.Barnes & Noble stores have free classes to teach you how to use your Nook and most have an expert in the store every day to answer questions.An owner's manual is provided in the Nook's preloaded library. Work through the manual page by page to learn all of its features.Add a 32gb or 64gb memory card and carry your favorite movies on vacation.
It's a fine tablet.  The screen is excellent.  The speakers are very good.  The interface is a little clunky but easy to use.  It does just what I want it to do and it does it well.
I couldn't have asked for a better product! I upgraded from the Nook Color to the HD and I am super happy!!!
I had to put generic Android on it because Barnes and Noble had it so hamstrung. Should have gone with the new 7&#34; Nexus. No built in GPS turned out to be a major lack.
I am already a kindle owner and I love my kindle. The kindle does have some limitations, most especially in the handling of pdfs. The kindle does not annotate and curate highlighted text of pdf's you upload. This is where I found the Nook HD more useful, apart from the fact that it gives you full access to the Play Store. In handling big pdf's, the Nook HD is slow and the highlighting of scanned pdf's is not very smooth. I really tried to love the Nook but did not and so I did not use it beyond the first month. I will not recommend the Nook. If your goal is the android store, just get a nexus tablet and download B&N app. It is cheap and works much better than the Nook.
When attempting to live chat with their customer service, I was ignored 3 times where the other agent never responded and then the chat timed out, and had the session terminated 3 times for some unknown reason right after their standard "it's not really broken" response was written. All because I wanted to know why my the touch screen on my nook stopped responding to input.Then I called and was literally cussed (f word) at a minute in for asking about what was wrong with their live chat. Maybe I was just really unlucky and the person I talked to was angry or planning on quitting or something, but I still find it unacceptable.Seriously, go with a kindle or something else instead. Amazon's customer service has always been well above average for me.
I had given my kids a Nook Color a couple years ago. Sold it last fall and got 1 girl a Kindle Fire 2nd gen, and the other a Lenovo A2107. The Lenovo was absolutely horrid so I wanted to replace it. This summer, when the Nook HD got Google Play, and the prices fell, I sold the Lenovo and got my daughter the Nook HD 16gb Snow. She absolutely loves it! I liked it so much, I got the Nook HD 8gb for myself. I like it much better than my Kindle Fire HD. The size is smaller, and thinner, and lighter, which are great things. And you can put whatever wallpaper you want on it, unlike the Fire HD.I sold the 2nd gen Kindle Fire and gave the other daughter the Fire HD, but she has since switched to a Nook also (HD+). So now I have the Fire HD and the Nook HD for myself. I like the Nook HD better for the reasons stated above. Size and weight are so much smaller on the Nook HD. The screen resolution is also better. There is nothing I don't like about the Nook HD. I did put a GreatShield Glare Screen protector on the Nooks, to reduce the shiny glare. We use them without cases, just sleeves. They are phenomenal tablets.If you or the person you are buying for loves to play games and will likely download hundreds of them, definitely get the 16gb Nook HD. You will want as much space for apps as you can afford, despite the SD card slot. Games have to be installed to internal memory, for the most part. The SD card slot comes in handy for books, movies, photos and music. I got the 8 gb Nook HD for myself, because I don't play games, the only apps I need are for reading, playing music, news, web, stuff like that. I put my files on the SD card and I am set!I don't plan to buy the new Fires when they come out.  They are far too limited, in my opinion. (So was the Nook, of course, until they added Google Play). I have ADW Launcher on all three of the Nooks, though my daughters tend to prefer the standard Nook launcher. What shows up on that home page can be customized to show only what you want it to show. There is also an "app drawer" icon that shows the most recently opened apps for easy launching. It really is a great design, and far superior to the tiresome carousel on the Kindle Fires.
I bought this for a friend who studies programming using e-books while he's at work (repairing cars) - and he loves it.
Bought it for my wife to use primarily as a reader but also to occasionally access the net and read email when not at her computer.  She absolutely loves it.  It's the perfect product for her.  The reader portion is excellent.  The web graphics are vivid and colorful.  It has great functionality for such a small machine and last but not least, the price is right.
Exactly the same as from Barnes and Noble but less expensive. It has been working great and doing more than I even needed. Wow! Arrived on time, I was a bit worried about the packaging as it came in a bubble envelope in its Nook box, but everything was fine.
She has been using a Nook e-reader for several years. I decided to get her the tablet because she wants to read email and browse as well as read her ebooks.  Her little smart phone was just too small to use.  Now she's using it regularly to browse and can easily read her gmail.
This is a very good tablet for reading..satisfied with my purchase..very handy and easy to tucked in your purse or in your hands..just convenient for my need..
Brand loyalty aside, the NOOK HD AND the Kindle FIRE HD are both great products. I have a Barnes & Noble store about one mile away. I called with some typical learning curve operating questions and was treated with courtesy and competence. my After my poor effort to explain the issues on the phone, the local B & N NOOK expert offered to come IN PERSON to help me. Took about 15 minutes.Try that with Amazon! LOLNow with Google Play. An exceptional product with exceptional people backing it up.
Very good product for those with a Nook book collection. Works well with apps. All google play apps are available except for those requiring a camera.  I brought two units for my children and there are lots of apps and books for them. The Nook HD will read certain books allowed. My two units ended up being defective and kept crashing. Was able to return both with no problems.
When I learned the modifications Barnes & Noble made to its Nooks and saw the price drop, I decided to get one formy very active 6 year-old grandson. He loves it. Despite him being a rough & tumble outdoor boy, it has held up wellfor a few months now. I attribute this partly to solid quality build and partly to the Nook HD 7&#34; being so thin & lightweight.I recommend this tablet, especially for children, a much better buy than those heavier, more expensive & slower tabletssold for children.
I bought this refurb for under $100 and so glad I did! I tried the Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 (expensive and glitchy), the Lenvovo Idea Tab (poor performance) before I settled on the Nook. After using tablets at both high and low-end price points I figured I had nothing to lose--and was pleasantly surprised by the Nook's capabilities!On the Nook I can read BN or Kindle books, play Scrabble from the Android store, and watch Netflix. More advanced features such as GPS and camera are unnecessary for me, and I enjoy the simplicity of this device. It has a sturdy build and even though I did not want a white tablet (fear of dirt) it has not been an issue. I have had it for several months and don't feel anxious about using it without a cover.It's ease of use, clean interface, adequate battery life, and features make this a winner for me in the under $100 category. Add to that BN's 1-year warranty and I am more than satisfied with my purchase.My only qualm with the Nook HD is that it has a proprietary charging cable (not a micro usb like cell phones) so it is an extra cord to carry when traveling. In addition, it will not fit just any usb plug (something to do with wattage, I think). So if you plug the usb end into a travel charger or car charger it may not work. Same thing with using a usb port on a computer. IMO this is a major limitation for an otherwise great device, especially for someone that travels frequently.
I had a Nook Tablet which was fine. Saw these at Barnes and Noble and picked some up for the kids. The difference between the HD and the table is night and day. The screen is amazing. The addition of Google play makes this an incredible value in a tablet. It also turns it into a Kindle. The kids are busy on all our long car rides. The SD card make it completely expandable. We can watch Netflix with Wi=fi or load the SD card with movies for a road trip. It's under 100 bucks too. GREAT!
I got one of these for Christmas, and I LOVE it! At first I wasn't all that fond of it because the only way to purchase apps and such was to use the nook store, but recently they had an update that added all sorts of Google apps, including Google Playstore. It has great graphics compared to previous nook tablets. It is great to read with, but the books are a little pricey.Now that it has Google Playstore and great graphics, I can't think of a reason for somebody NOT to get it!
I recently bought the nook HD white for 129 greenbacks from BN. I had originally purchased a Kindle Fire HD. The Nook is lighter and the screen is brighter/sharper than the Kindle Fire. With the recent update to allow the full version of Google Play, a lot of the original limitations with the Nook have gone away. The chrome browser beats Silk all the way. You can actually download the Kindle App from the Google appstore and read all the books. However, you cannot install the amazon appstore and I had to buy some of the apps from Google play that I had originally purchased. There are no ads with the nook. Even with the Fathers day sale (which put the Kindle no-ad version at 195), this is cheaper by 65 bucks. An additional benefit is you can add an external SD card and there are options to boot a full blown standard Android Jellybean from the SD card with the nook from places like (AFN - android for nook for just 10 bucks).The two main downsides are that it lacks a front facing camera, but I really have no use for that and the parental controls are not that easy to set as in the Kindle (you can create a child profile and make sure that the password has to be entered, but I have not fully figured it out).I liked it so much that I bought a second nook in smoke color today.
Pay close attention.  I would be very cautious about swallowing a few of the &#34;most helpful favorable reviews&#34;.  Pay attention to that quoted phrase.  I strongly suspect many are paid reviewers or actually employees or someone connected with the addons for the Nook.  Just a &#34;heads up&#34;.  Amazon loves to put the &#34;favorable&#34; insiders up front because the bottom line is sales and what leaves your wallet into theirs is the driver.My Nook is okay for the $79 at my local computer store that wanted to get rid of them.  Its not a bargain at the prices we see here.  If you're serious about a tablet then save up for a good one if you can.  If not, it should work for you.Most folks are putting out honest reviews, some whine artists, some scammers, some who just need to talk to someone.  We can't do much about that, but we can comb through and pick out what we might be able to trust.
Am tired of non-standard charging cables...  I like micro USB and the majority of hand held electronic devices use micro USB now.  Why is the NOOK HD using a non standard 30 Pin charging cable?  We returned the NOOK to Barnes and Noble!
I received the basic Nook as a Christmas gift. Never really wanted a reader or tablet. I'm an old-fashioned book kinda gal. But, when my daughter and I decided to make a trip to Spain, I returned the Nook reader and decided to upgrade to the HD so that I could travel with a tablet that would enable me to check email, surf the web, and read books and magazines. I'm just learning to use it but so far I think I'm really going to enjoy having this tablet. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star rating is because it didn't come with a manual (I did say I was an old-fashioned book kinda gal). Would highly recommend the Nook HD for your entry into the world of tablets and readers!
I did such extensive research trying to decide between the kindle and the nook. I settled on the nook because I had read nothing but good reviews and the price was excellent.Positive:It has a beautiful screen with great vibrant color. The adjustable backlight is great for night time reading and reading in the sun.It's lightweight and comfortable to read with.Negetive: I find it has many glitches. From having trouble unlocking my screen, to having trouble getting the screen to even turn on so I can unlock it, to having my kindle application crash every time I get to the end of the book. I understand that it is probably an application issue with kindle, BUT having kindle compatibility was an absolute priority for me, as most of my library is on amazon. Furthermore, my battery doesn't last at all. I have to power down my device every time I put it down, otherwise by the time I pick it up again to read, it's dead. Won't even last a day. I've figured out that disconnecting it from wifi helps it last longer but not nearly enough. I was used to an iPad that lasted almost a week without charging. This battery time is unconvenient and unacceptable.Those are the main glitches that impact my experience with this device. I don't recommend getting this tablet. I would like to purchase the kindle fire and give this away as a gift.
Just want you to know that I did not get this tablet from Amazon, got it from Walmart but I must say that the tablet is great.  I searched it on Amazon but because it was near X-Mas I went to Walmart and bought one so as to ensure I would have it by X-Mas.  The Nook Tablet looks and works just fine, was a gift for my granddaughter.
I cant say enough good things about this tablet i love it. First off the screen is beautiful.Its vivid and the colors are great.The best for the price no doubt. Its even nicer than the nexus 7 screen.Tablet performance is good for a dual core tabletand the gpu is a good one sgx540 same as some of the ipads so games run pretty well.weight ergonomics and screen size are just right.The quality of this tablet is excellent. It also has Bluetooth which Manny tablets don't have in this price range.Personally i love the Ui Barnes and noble put on this table its nice. And now with Google play you have a gazillion apps to choose from.Battery life is also pretty good and WiFi works well.The tablet has 2 speakers and there decent pretty loud which is nice.I got mine on sale for 100.00 is worth every penny. I guess the only minor thing i found was it gets a little warm at times but that's typical of Manny tablets and phones.
My Daughter bought these for her children through me. They love them.  I would recommend them to everyone that likes this kind of stuff.
A year after Barnes and Noble dropped the price approximately one hundred dollars the Nook HD+ 9" is still one of the best values in the tablet market.  The price is starting to creep up for a new one so keep your eyes open for a sale, but don't wait too long because they are no longer being manufactured.There are two primary reasons that I like the Nook HD+ 9". First of course is the 1920 x 1280 high resolution display.  You will note that  by comparison 1080p is only 1920 x 1080 so this display is 4x3 not 16x9.  In my opinion the extra pixels make browsing web pages more pleasant in both portrait and landscape mode.  The second reason is that this tablet was sold in large numbers so developers have released ROM builds with the latest version of Android KitKat.  These can be used either by flashing the tablet's ROM internally or running KitKat from a micro SD Card and leaving the Nook's original operating system untouched.We have numerous Android devices and were able to download everything we needed for free, but their are companies who sell micro SD cards already set up for around $20.  So for a reasonable price one can get a "rooted" android tablet without doing much research and with almost no risk to the tablet or your warranty.This tablet was originally released in November of 2012.  It has a 1.5 GHz OMAP4470 Dual-Core Processor which is a little slower than the Samsung Exynos 4412 dual-core 1.5GHz processor found in the Galaxy Tab 3 8" that was released in a few months later in mid 2013.  The processor is good enough to play most formats of HD Video, but struggles with games with 3D graphics.  It performs better with the rooted version of KitKat than with the stock Nook OS.We had a Galaxy Tab 3 8" and now have a Galaxy Tab 4 8".  They both have a very good GPS and cameras in the front and rear.  The Nook has neither of these features.  But the bigger display with 1920x1280 resolution as compared to 1280x800 on the Galaxy Tabs more than makes up for these shortcomings for most of what we use a tablet for.Many of these were sold so there is a very good support network.  Lots of accessories are available through Amazon and the other usual suspects.  The hardware has proven to be dependable despite a few people who have reported problems here.  They come with a good warranty and extended warranties are available.  I am giving it 5 stars not because it is the greatest tablet ever made, but because at this time at the prices they are going for on sale... it is the best tablet value that I am currently aware of.
Look folks this is not a $400 IPAD or Samsung.  If you want a wizbang then you don't want the Nook HD.  For me it fit all my needs without needing a loan to buy one.  I ordered my direct from B & N for $179.00.  It came pre registered in my wifes account who has the nook color.  It is very easy to create your own profile and not see all the junk your spouse has but, at the same time can pick what you want that they have.  No need to repurchase what they already have.What Barnes and Nobel doesn't really want you to know is that you can put Amazon's Kindle app on the nook and read Kindle books (both free and purchased from Amazon).  I also noted that, with the Kindle app, you can adjust the fonts and resize PDF documents that you cannot do on the nook when reading PDF's.Lets not forget its a 9 in screen.  Battery holds well at 10 hours.I bought a 32GB SD card and so far have put 15 movies ( and stiil room for many more) on the card to watch in HD. I choose to save the memory on the nook for books or other apps and watch my movies from the tiny SD micro card. Buy "DVD Catalyst" ( really cool program for $9.95)(can try it for free)on line to compress those movies from DVD and then it automatically puts it on the micro card.I seen some gripes about them adding Google store.  Not sure how you can complain about ading a whole another facet of apps.  IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT THEN DON'T ADD ANY GOOGLE APPS. Its still a free country.So for reading ebooks, movies, games, apps and many others all for $179.00, for me it hit my tickle spot. I gave it four stars instead of 5 because it did not have a camera, crappy speaker on the back instead of single or dual on the front.  And the power cord is just too expensive for a crummy cable.
I've bought a few Nooks over the years and have always loaded CyanogenMod (plain Android) off an SD card (and a few times on the actual device).The HD+ is no exception. As long as you understand that it doesn't have a camera, its powerful and inexpensive. It even comes with Google Play! East your hear out Kindle users!Up for your own project? Head over to the XDA developer forums and find out how to load a clean version of Android either right on the device or run it off a microSD card.Great screen, fast processor. This thing still has enough power to run the latest apps and Android OS!
Well, I bought it because of the 1080p resolution.  The screen quality is beautiful.  I already have an Apple 4th generation iPad, but I couldn't resist on the high quality picture and low price.  After I received the Nook, I immediately rooted with Kit Kat, the latest operating system.  Let me tell you, I am glad that I made the move.  The original Ice Cream Sandwich OS has lag but not Kit Kat.  With Kit Kat, not only the Nook operates much more smoothly, you also get the full Android tablet experience and more apps available from Google Play.I recently stumbled across the XBMC Cine Player Android app in the Google Play store.  With this app, I can now stream over 1500 movies in HD quality for free.  I have been using XBMC for a little while now on both MacBook Pro and Raspberry Pi, though the Cine Player version's library is not as extensive as the MacBook Pro and Raspberry Pi, it is good enough for use when you are on the road like in a hotel or something.  With Kit Kat, I experience very little buffering issue. I can also output contents to a TV via the Nook HDMI adapter.  I believe you can output signal to a TV via Google Chromecast but I haven't tried it yet so I can't be for sure.I highly recommend the Nook if you root it with the latest OS.  I am finding more and more things that I can do with the Nook then the iPad due to Android is an open system.By the way, I use N2A to root my two Nook HD+'s.  With a N2A micro SD card, it gives you the dual boot capabilities.  You can use it to boot Kit Kat or the native Barnes and Noble OS without removing the card.  The N2A card doesn't replace the native OS as the Kit Kat OS is stored in the micro SD card so you don't have to be concerned about voiding the warranty from alternating the tablet OS.Bottom line, the Nook HD+ is already a pretty decent tablet.  One can greatly improve its potential with a simple change to the OS.  If front and back cameras and GPS are not necessities for you, the Nook is a good value tablet for 1/3 of the cost of an iPad.  By the way, I bought an external bluetooth GPS for $16 and it works like a charm with the Nook.  One can expect to spend $100 for an external bluetooth GPS if your IOS device doesn't come with an internal GPS.
Review for Barnes & Noble NOOK HD+A new winner in the "best value in a mid-size Android tablet" category.When it was originally introduced at around $270 it was a decent value in a mid-hi range tablet, but limited by the closed B&N; ecosystem.  Now that it is being offered at new prices ($150-180) and has been upgraded to support Google Play Android apps as well as B&N; content, the value proposition is much improved.  (Yes, you will have to be patient and let your Nook HD+ do a couple a major software updates before you can really settle down and enjoy your new toy!  But it's worth the wait.)If you are coming from other Nook devices, you'll feel right at home.  If not, you may be surprised to find the combined "reader" and "Android tablet" interface pretty nice.  It's well thought out and for the most part works very well.  Take your time and be willing to explore a bit and you'll soon get the hang if  it.  Don't miss the "Nook Today" icon which is a clever one, but easily overlooked.  All in all, I was very comfortable with it in a short time and actually find the UI a bit of a refreshing change.  (Occasionally, you have to use the home key instead of just "back" but a minor quibble.) [Note: You can "override" the Nook UI and install other "launchers" but I, personally, felt no need to do so.  But nice to know the option is there if ever needed.]The size is a nice compromise between the smaller units (too small for comfortable long video watching) and the larger units (big, heavy, bulky).  The 8-9" range seems to be the sweet spot.  The FULL HD (1920x1080 256ppi) screen is gorgeous with great colors and contrast and sufficient brightness.  Videos/movies, YouTube, Photos, Graphics, all look great.  The high quality screen is the big draw here, in my opinion.  Excellent value at the new price point.The size, weight (very light for this size device), slimness, and easy handling are all good points of this tablet.  Some do not like the Nook hole on the bottom left, but I am fine with it.  It gives a bit of orientation, an easy place to grab the tablet, and so on.  The styling looks good to me and the slimness is nice and makes it easy to hold and handle.HD YouTube and Netflix look wonderful.  This is absolutely one of the best tablets for the price if you want to watch Netflix on the go.  I was able to hook up my portable bluetooth speakers without any problems, so the movies sounded great as well.  Bluetooth headphones also worked well as did regular headphones, of course.  The built in speaker(s) is OK, but not sufficient for best music and movie sound quality (as is true with most tablets).The controls are well placed, simple, and easy to use.  The MicroSD card slot is a nice bonus so you can expand your storage easily and is a feature missing from many tablets.  The proprietary charging port is a minus, a standard USB would have been more flexible, but it works well and charges faster.  The handy "HOME" button with the Nook logo is very useful and also works well.There are no cameras - and I could care less, but some might.  I'll take the superb screen, great design and build, and other nice features and be happy.  For the techies, it uses 1.5 GHz dual-core OMAP 4470 proc and 1 GB of RAM.  Not cutting edge, but plenty fast.  Benchmarks I checked were all pretty good and the Nook HD+ is very responsive in use. The back features a nice "soft touch" feel that I really like versus many tablets that have a slick back making them prone to being easily dropped.The recent update adds the Chrome browser to the NOOK HD+ and web browsing is snappy and works well.  Everything looks great, of course, on the FULL HD screen and the Chrome browser handles most web pages with aplomb, formatting them nicely for the Nook HD+.  Chrome will also sync and update your bookmarks and such across devices, automatically, which is nice.If you like Barnes & Noble and their books and movie content, then, of course, that is a win for you as well.  It's all here and well integrated.  Plus there are some Nook HD+ specific apps pre-installed and you should prefer them in most cases.  (Note: I made the mistake of updating the Nook Netflix app with the one from the Google Play store -- big No-No!  It did not work at all.  Once I uninstalled it and went back and reloaded the Nook-branded version from the Nook store (free) -- everything worked fine again. I've had this issue with other tablets as well, the Netflix app seems to be very picky and you need the right one for your specific tablet. I had also installed the Android Pandora over the Nook version, but that one worked fine.  So...if you do this and have issues, just uninstall and reinstall from Nook Store/Cloud vs. Google Play Store and you'll be fine.)All of the other Android apps from Google Play that I tried have worked fine.  Pandora, Stitcher Internet Radio, Maps, Amazon MP3, Amazon Kindle (wow! a bit of a surprise!), Gmail, YouTube, etc. all work as expected.  The new openness of the NOOK HD+ is a game changer for the NOOK line, and pushes it way up in the rankings in my opinion.I bought mine at the local B&N; store and there's a lot of help available there if you need it, which is a huge bonus if you are tech challenged and need advice and help locally.  Very friendly staff and great customer service, what a novel concept!  ;)The Nook HD+ is a "sleeper" - an often overlooked alternative to other more expensive tablets that can both out perform them and well beat them in value, being available currently at very attractive prices.  A 5 star item for features, design, performance, and value.
I bought this tablet for someone as a gift. I was so confused about which one I should get them. I definitely chose correctly for them.
I bought this Nook HD+ in the summer for $179 from BestBuy. It seemed like the best value at the time for a 32GB tablet.I thought that it would be good for our trip to Spain.  We ended up using it to watch a few movies on the plane and that was it.Fast forward a few months of neglecting using the Nook and the device will not even turn on.  I keep thinking that I am doing something wrong, but the next step is most likely going to be a trip to BestBuy after I confirm that I ordered the extended warranty (it's been a busy time for us!).So needless to say I am not impressed....UPDATE:Well, the Nook decided to Power on again when I followed the instructions to turn on a "dead Nook".  I don't have the instructions right here, but if you find them (has to do with pressing and holding two of the buttons at the same time), make sure to look at your screen very carefully because one of the options is to restore your Nook to factory settings - and you won't want to do that if you have anything stored on it.I will just have to see how it goes.Wish Amazon Instant Video would play on it, but RedBox now offers an $8 monthly subscription rate for 4 dvds at the kiosk and unlimited streaming.That along with NetFlix give me two options for streaming video.
Having all the iPad models, 9 different Android models, I can say this tablet overall is a bit disappointing. I realize for those that have come from old hardware or new to tablets might believe this is a bit harsh, but keep in mind this is more of a comparison to other options available out there. Granted there are price differences and for price alone, this is a decent deal.The hardware itself is impressive. Bought these for our 4 and 6 years which were upgrading from their Galaxy 2 7" tablets. The most significant issue with these tablets is the B&N; version of an already outdated Android OS_Ice Cream Sandwich, not the latest Jelly Bean which is far far better. It is very clunky and very slow, not at all snappy by any sense, even with the latest updates. I did buy it as they finally put Play on it which was a requirement for me, but the OS itself is just horrible. It does have a kids profile mods which is very handy as it allows you to limit what your kids can open.Additionally, as this is an 'overlay' OS, it is very limited in terms of options. Sound options are none existent for various task such as switching profiles, etc. Many apps on the Google store will indicate not compatible with this device. I generally ROM my Android devices however CM10 is the only one at this time with any support and that ROM is very very buggy compared to say Frosty ROM which is not available for this tablet. It works, but again, not a smooth integration of a ROM. So really, your stuck with what B&N; puts on it and at this time, it is very slow and clunky. Now you can 'BUY' a card with Jelly Bean on it, but again, pulling off the card is slower vs. internal memory, though it does allow for a very simple method of getting a 'real' Android OS on this tablet and perhaps the best route at this time.For the kids, they still like the tablet, enjoy the better graphics, larger screen, etc. Once going graphics is good, sound is adequate though not great, touch input is good. But for me, I could never use this tablet for serious use. My Asus TF700T is my go to tablet, even over my iPad 4,3,2,etc. At this time I am contemplating just selling these and buy Nexus tablets for the kids instead as it is more a pure Android experience and not hindered by the clunky implementation of an older Android OS. Perhaps if B&N; releases an OS based on Jelly Bean it may improve things.Bottom line, there are far better options in the Android world.PROSGood resolutionTouch is goodGreat balance of size, not large nor small like a 7" tabletHas Play installedExternal memory card optionCONSB&N; OS is horrible, slow, cluncky, and based on old Ice Cream Sandwich, not Jelly BeanSpeakers are just OKVery limited accessory options compared to even Kindle HD devicesCharger plug is very tight on both of my models. Perhaps it will loosen up over time. Never had a tablet exhibit this in the past.Lack of support from the aftermarket in terns of ROM availability.No cameraOld slow Wi-Fi hardware, and you will notice this. Download speeds compared to my other tablets is very slow.
This is good product compared to its price. I'm using it for watching video, writing documents, and web searching. It's perfect for my needs, and I upload CM 1.0, so now I'm using it with Android... It's so good. :-)
Brand new condition. Fast shipping. this tablet is the best deal on a 9&#34; size that you can get. Way better than what the same size cost in my last husband.Easy to use, lots of storage for apps even the large ones. PLUS will hold additional scancard. Beats the Kindle (sorry Amazon) by a mile in functionality, weight and price.
Got this for my nook (since B&N didn't have it!) Good price and exactly what I needed. It also seems to be a better made product than the one that came with my color nook.
Bought this to replace the broken micro usb cable on my old charger for my Nook Tablet. Wished I could just get the cable as the AC plug works fine. After 2 weeks the micro usb end of the cable broke again. This is the 3rd Barnes and Noble cable I have gone through and will not be purchasing another from them again. Any plain micro usb cable will charge the Nook Tablet,so save some money and get a cheaper unbranded cable instead.
I had the original adapter that came with my Nook Color for 2 years without any problems. After 2 years it finally broke, and I didn't even know people were having troubles with their chargers until I had to buy a new one. I have had this one for at least a couple weeks now and again I don't seem to be having any problems with it.The original charger that did finally break was because of the area where it plugs into the system though, which is where everyone is having problems. So I will not deny that this seems to be an issue. For that it loses a star, but because I personally haven't had any major problems with them I will still give it 4 stars.
The original chargers I had for the Nooks were dying, as in literally falling apart after a couple years. Hopefully these replacement chargers will last just as long, if not longer.
This is the third adapter that I have tried other than buying direct from B&N.  This adapter is quality made and works excellent with the device.  It is better made than the original.  Great value.
WORKS AS DESCRIBED .. OWNED 3 YEARS NOW AND WORKS WELL.. NO COMPLAINTS HERE.  GREAT PRODUCT AT AN EXCELLENT PRICE
Since it's a cable for digital data... shielding isn't a big issue with HDMI. Use it for my satellite boxes for 1080i HD plus audio. No problems.
only had it for a few weeks but have not noticed one problem for this price compared to other hdmi cables i feel like I won big on this item.
It's not top of the line by any means, but certainly a good value for the price.
I bought this cable to hook up an Apple Tv.  Save your money on the expensive cable and buy this one..Works Great!
Wire is heavy grade, but as with all cables you can't really tell how strong the connectors are till they break.
Item was As described in post. Simple and just what I needed. Great price too. Actually bought two. Good value
With Amazon Prime, these things are only $4! They arrived so quickly, just in time for me to hookup my computer and other entertainment systems into my new TV. They're fantastic!
This cable works as advertised.  No need to spend more for an HDMI cable.  There is no difference in picture quality between this cable and brands costing much, much more.
they are inexpensive and they get the job done.  i'm glad i got them. i use them with my wdtv at work.love 'em and if i lose them i'll just buy another set or 2.
I don't have too much exciting to say about the cable.  I'm not a videophile by any means, but the cable works, I don't see any problems with it, and it is a bunch cheaper than I could get from Best Buy...
A cable is a cable. It's going to work 99.99% of the time no matter where you buy it. But Amazon always has the best prices!
this cable works FANTASTIC and i didnt have to pay $60 for it. i highly recommend!! so glad i gave a cheap price hdmi a shot.
Bought this to replace a $13, 3 foot cable bought from Target which would cause picture glitches and dropouts regularly - this one works flawlessly, is twice as long and a fraction of the price!
Purchased this a few years ago and forgot to write a review. Needless to say I'm still using it and have no problems. I purchased this back when the cheapest HDMI cord was $30.00. Great buy, I recommend it.
Much cheaper than buying in a local store, about one fourth the price. After actually using it, I realize that having a longer one would make some tasks I need it for much easier.
brought back my IPOD video 30G back life, easy to replace.  Only hard part is to get the case opened.
Awesome replacement for an ipod video 5th gen 30gb hard drive, saved me the cost of buying a brand new iPod.
THIS ARTICLE WITH ALL MY EXPECTATIONS FULFILLED RECOMMEND IT BECAUSE THE PACKAGING AND JURISDICTION ENTRAG CORRECT, IN ADDITION TO RUN FERFECION
A very easy replacement for a 5th gen ipod 30G HD.  I purchased the ipod on ebay knowing it was damaged.  It had the "sad ipod face" screen of death.  I could hear the HD trying to spin up, but not reading properly.  If you have that indication, all you need is this HD!The repair was easy.  Carefully pry apart the ipod with a small flat screwdriver and remove the smaller connector.  The ipod can now be placed on a table with both pieces open.  Next, remove the bad HD by unplugging the ribbon cable ON THE HD SIDE.  Make sure to note the orientation of the HD as it will only work one way...easy to put the replacement HD in "backwards".  Replace with the new HD.  The only trouble I had was the cable would not stay in the HD for some reason.  I had to use a piece of tape to secure the cable to the HD so it wouldn't come out.  Next, using a small pair of needle-nose pliers, grip the small ribbon cable gently, and push it back into it's slot.  Finally, carefully hold the HD in place and re-attach the two ipod pieces.Now you will have to restore to factory settings.  There are resources on the net for this...I just started up iTunes and plugged in the ipod.  After a few min. iTunes reconized that the ipod needed to be restored.Good luck!
Average mobile.
Awesome product.
Product is good.Working Fine.
Mobile is okay.
Feature full product. Delivered on time. Good .
Good
best
better.

