It came out of the box with a gouge out of the screen? It didn't take long for a return. After all if it passed inspection with this then what's next? It also had the screen protector on half butt. I'm really skiddish about buying a third party refurbished since I've been wronged before.
Seller is fake. They deliver fake products whatever the issue is never buy aything from them.
This storage box (I now have ten of them) is sufficiently sturdy and holds plenty of DVDs or CDs that you have stacked in their slim jewel cases. I have no regrets buying these boxes because I took the advice of others: If you want to prevent the box from coming apart, place a bit of super glue at each and every snap before assembling it, and then let it dry. Otherwise, you risk the box coming completely apart and having your discs and cases come crashing down. If it held together better without the glue, I would have given a rating of 5 stars. If not for the glue, I would give it a rating of 2 stars. Now if the seller were to include a small tube of super glue it would clearly rate 5 stars. Given that you want this box to last a long time, it's really no big deal to get your own glue, use it, wait a day (probably not necessary to wait that long) and then fill it up with your collection. (I bought my super glue at a 99 Cent Store and it worked like a charm.) I recommend you buy one box and check it out and then go from there.
BIG NOTE - Reviewers who state this is not a genuine new Brother brand cartridge are purchasing from one of the 'other' vendors (listed on the top right of the page).  PURCHASE DIRECT THROUGH AMAZON to guarantee receipt of geniune new Brother product.---------------------Months ago, after checking prices for replacement toner on our work MFC, on a whim I thought I'd check Amazon, and was very happily surprised to find the same cartridge for $20 less than any other seller!Fast, free shipping, Amazon customer service, and C. MACPHAIL's masking tape trick is icing on the cake.We have since purchased this through Amazon 5 times in the past 6 months, we've always received a genuine new Brother cartridge.
Like so many other users I love this pen. The tip is very fine but firm. I have a heavy hand with all writing utensils and I have never had a problem with these particular tips. Keeping them capped when not in use will extend the life but I have found even after a momentary laps of ADHD I return to the uncapped pen and still get a long life out of them.I want to point out that the price for this product from this seller is quite expensive. If you art going to purchase these pens you may find the cheapest price (usually by 4 or 5 dollars) from Blick art supply. I am not affiliated with the company but I do purchase this product from them purely based on price.I hope this review is helpful. If there is something I didn't mention you would have liked in the review please leave a comment and I will try to incorporate my opinion of that detail into the review. Thank you
Hooked up to a Blu Ray player.  These cables did not work with my Blu Ray (picture froze).  I am going to return them.  I had good luck with the Amazon brand HDMI cables that are about $7-8 each.  The ones that worked are:http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0052SCU8U/ref=oh_o01_s00_i00_detailsUPDATE: the seller is willing to refund my purchase, but ONLY if I return the items with tracking #, which would be almost as expensive as the cables.  I'd really recommend you save your money and do not risk buying these cables.
I ordered two. Neither one sent a clear signal from either device I tried them on.I knew $1.83 for a working HDMI cable sounded crazy.Note: The fact that the seller refunded my money right away, without offering to replace the cable or even asking for it to be returned, leads me to think they know that it is garbage.
I have researched HDMI cables and most people agree that there is no need to buy expensive HDMI cables.  Because the digital signal is 1's and 0's, either they work or they do not.  Unfortunately this cable did not work.Update, I contacted the seller over a week ago and haven't heard back.
I bought it to see movies in my spare time and want. From internert quietly see any movies with the HDMI cable connected to TV grandde screen and looks like a home theater. I recommend this product and seller for good service.
Cables work but are not great but you get what you pay for.  Cheap but they work the seller did not sugar coat the product.  I would purchase more products from this seller.
If you're in the market for a 2 meter HDMI cable, this is the one to buy. I purchased more than one 2 meter HDMI cable through Amazon.com sellers. I needed more than one cable and it seemed wise to hedge my bets by buying 2 different cables. This cable is far superior to the other cable in a few ways:-It has the cylindrical shaped data cleansing areas at either end of the cable (forgive me, I forget the technical name for it).-Cable is thicker and seems of better quality and durability than the other cable.-Gold connectors!Don't waste money on brand name (i.e., Monster) HDMI cables. It is a digital signal that is being sent through this cable, so differences in analog quality do not matter.On a side note, I bought this cable through Abacus24-7, rather than the default seller that came up when I viewed the product. I highly recommend 24-7. They were cheaper and shipped immediately. It arrived in 3 days.
The original unit shipped didn't work, so within 2 days of contacting the seller I had a new working unit. I am happy. The transaction was smooth and my pictures look really nice on my LCD!
Delivery sucked, I was supposed to get this cable in 2 days being a Prime member, but took almost a week to get it.  But the quality was great.  Works the same as $70 cable from Best Buy, but at fraction of the price. Used to connect my ps3 to 60" plasma and Audio/Video quality is perfect.Would recommend this product to everyone, hope seller finds a better carrier to ship these items like UPS/FedEx instead of DHL Global half way and then USPS the other half.All in all.. Great product.  Please get this and save your money instead of buying it from Best Buy.  For the same money you spend on a cable @ Best buy, you can buy a Blu-Ray player and still save monies.
I bring this with me to hotels and hook this baby up to my laptop. I now have FREE movies on my massive screen. Awesome quality and thick cable. Recommend buy. (these go for 39.99+ from major brands and there is NO difference in quality).Make sure to only buy from amazon directly or a seller with many ratings so you are for-sure getting the best quality.
Works just fine..no need to buy expensive cables...Service was very good by this seller as well.
While the item appears to be OK, the shipping charge was excessive.  I ordered four cables at the same time from the same seller and they arrived in one envelope, yet I was charged shipping for each individual cable for a total of $11.92.  Combined shipping for all four together should have been at least half as much. The problem lies in Amazon shipping polices.  I am not happy when people achive their profits in this round-about manner.  Amazon refused my initial request to reduce the shipping charge.  Only after I submitted negative feedback to the seller on this issue did Amazon grant me a $2.98 refund on the shipping.  At the same time Amazon granted the refund, they asked me to pull down my feedback.  I am not going to do this because I want all potential buyers to know that this problem exists on Amazon.
The HDMI cable is as advertised and works great. The best part of the product though, is the customer service that you receive. My cable got lost in the mail, and as soon as I reported not receiving it to the seller, I was promptly sent a replacement. The follow-up and customer service made this experience 1st rate. Thanks.
I highly recommend this cable. Great product that still works like new, even though it is over 5 years old. No problems with shipping. Seller was fast and easy to work with.
Let's quickly move past the outrageous prices that your local store charges for an HDMI cable.  (The cheapest no-name one at my local Radio Shack was $30.)  Making that comparison is not a fair fight.  But given that this cable appears to have good build quality and works perfectly well connecting my 1080p laptop to my 1920x1200 external monitor, how much "should" it cost me, given the seller's cost to make it, pay Amazon as its retail channel, and ship it to me?  $10?  $12?  $15?As of now, they are charging $2.09 with free shipping.  That is dumbfounding.  How can they not be losing money?  Whatever -- I'll take two, please, the one I actually need plus another to have as a virtually-free spare lying around.
Received item quickly from seller, and works flawlessly.  Using it with my Apple TV.  Don't spend a lot of money on HDMI cable, that are all the same.
I bought a pair of e4c's from Ace Photo Digital on 7/16/2008. What I received was a pair of scl4's from the seller. Bait and switch....The sound quality isn't bad, but it is lacking bass. The build quality is terrible. I have had the earphones replaced 3 times already by Shure for the same issue, crackling and decreased output in the ears. I would not recommend these earphones.1/30/2013  Just to addendum what I said a few years ago -- These headphones were being sold as SCL4's but what I received was ec4's instead. I checked with Shure and they said that this was a direct replacement. The seller should have mentioned this as I was thinking that I was being baited and switched, but I was incorrect. I stand by my initial review. The sound quality is not bad, but the earphones are lacking bass response. I went through 3 pairs of these before I finally had a pair that lasted about 3 years. After 3 years, the cable began dry-rotting. I cut the dry rotted portion out and resoldered and heat-shrinked the cable. The dry rotting continued in a few months and I was forced to replace the earphones. That being said, these earphones still sound better than the majority of earphones being sold today. I've increased the stars from 1 to 3 as I believe in being fair. However, I would still not recommend these earphones to anyone based on the issues listed above. ( FYI,I would have preferred to give it 2.5 stars)
item shipped fast and was as described, seller was excellent. card works great, i have around 5 kingston cards and all work great so far.
I've bought some of these cards for my various Canon P&S; cameras, and gifted some too. Never had a data problem, ever. I've always bought them from Amazon.com (with amazon.com as the seller, not a third party).I use one of the cards in an underwater housing-enclosed camera. Another in a camera I reserve for rough use when my DSLR might be in jeopardy from rain, snow, etc. They work great for long movies as well as hundreds of photos.I haven't had a single Kingston SD card fail me yet. I look for Sandisk, but very often Kingston offers more performance for the price and honestly, I'll go for whichever is cheaper at the time. I like inexpensive, but not at the cost of quality. Kingston is a very reliable alternative to Sandisk if the price happens to be better.
The stereo headphones are comfortable, awesome sound, awesome long cord. The adjustable volume is great when watching movies, videos and listening to music. The padding over the ears and head are nice and soft. I highly recommend them. The seller was quick to ship and delivery was fast.
I'm an audiophile and the SCL2's are good earphone's for work or play. If you're a serious listener, musician or want a wide frequency range for your movies I would look elsewhere.On a personal note, I ordered the E2C-N (discontinued) and received Shure SCL2's as replacement instead. This disappointed me due to after the order was shipped the seller sent me an 'order shipped' email notifying me that there was a product change, nor could I cancel my order. But I cannot really complain, the seller had great intentions. Who wouldn't want a better product for the same amount of money. =)PRO's - According to the seller SCL2 are identical to E2C-N. Only thing that has changed was the cable coating and the packaging. The highs and mids are good. These are great sound isolating earphone's. When you have them on you might not hear the phone ring or anyone knocking at your door. SCL2's are good earphones for work and play.CON's - Both models do not produce much bass. Granted the E2C-N didn't have that much bass to begin with, but the SLC2 has little less bass then it's predecessor. They both have great high and mids and sub-standard lows. If you want a wider (Hz) range you better look elsewhere. I have tried all the earpieces for both models and adjusted the sound files for more bass for my iPod and MAC and they both had performed poorly on the bass range.NOTE - The SLC2 has a frequency range of 22Hz(Lows) - 17.5kHz(Highs).As for fit that is a personal preference. They are comfortable to me. I place them in my ear canal and lightly press them in my ear canals for a comfortable and secure fit. I have a few friends that tried to shove (more like cram) these in thier ear canals and after I showed them how to put them in they are satisfied with the comfort and fit.
I was happy with my headphones and recently decided to call Sennheiser to see if they could check their authenticity. I left a message and a rep just called me back. He asked where I got them from, I told them a seller on Amazon, fulfilled by amazon. He told me they haven't produced CX 300's in 2 years (please note they still produce the CX 300 II) and that even if Amazon fulfilled the order they were most likely fake. I told him that they sounded good and everything looked real but he insisted that given the circumstances (price, seller, discontinued product) that they were almost definitely fake. I am going to return them and will be looking for other headphones. While I do think they sound pretty good for $17 I just can't justify keeping fake ones.
I wish I could give this product a better rating, but here is my experience:I framed in a window to mount our new TV, and I installed the articulating half of this mount to the wall without issue. There was ample hardware included with the mount. But when it came time to mount the TV, I found that the threaded holes that are used to mount the two plates together were stripped out. My box had the seal broken on it, but the packaging looked fine. It would appear that I received an open box item instead of the new product that I paid for. The threads were so bad that I could push the screws through two of the holes with minimal resistance. The plate is aluminum, so it is probably easy to over torque them if you are not careful. I found some nuts that fit and used the longer screws that came with the packaging, so I continued with the install. I got an email from the seller asking for feedback, so I told them about my issue. They did not reply. Shame, shame.
This mount looks great, feels great, is solid and well-constructed, but it had a fatal flaw which prevented me from using it:It can only be mounted directly between two wall studs that are 16" on center.For those of you who have older construction with studs 18" or 20" (or even 14") on center, you are out of luck.For those of you who have the perfect place to put your television, but it isn't between the studs, you are out of luck.I also couldn't return the product to the seller because it wasn't damaged, it just didn't fit.
I have an old Panasonic TZ5 and the batteries hardly charges anymore. I don't wanna buy a new battery because they are too small and the camera uses too much power that it drains the battery fast in just a few flashes. I only use it at home because it's a little bit big to carry so I bought this adapter to revive it rather than sell my camera. Now I could take pictures with or without battery by using this power adapter. They are expensive at the dealer so I checked at Amazon  if they have a brand new genuine Panasonic adapter and I got it half the price. Most of the people posting low rating are those who didn't search enough. I checked the dealer first and made sure that this adapter works with my camera because I don't rely on the description posted by the seller. I only wish my camera has an automatic timer where It shoots at a specified time repeatedly just like my old Casio camera. On the other hand, it's hard to find a camera made in Japan these days so I'm keeping my camera for a long time. Hopefully it will outlast those new Panasonic cameras made in China.
Buy this item directly from the seller! I had a VERY SOUR experience and it took several weeks to get the issue solved. Better to go to the local computer store and save on the aggravation!
Talk about your no-brainers...  Just plug it in and it works.  Even though I ordered the Dynex DX-ESW5 5-port switch, I think the seller was out of them and sent me the 8-port model, instead.  Like others, I bought the switch to expand my network in another area of my home.  My 4-port router is upstairs, connecting three PC's, and a cable runs down to my Den where the switch connects my DirecTV DVR, Sony Blu-ray player, and another PC.I have a 10 MBit DSL connection, which allows for HD streaming of Netflix via my Blu-ray player.  So, I immediately tested the new switch to make sure I didn't lose any speed.  I didn't.  This switch provides a very seamless addition to my network, so what's not to love?  For the price, you can't go wrong!
This HDMI to DVI adapter works perfectly on my MacBook Pro. The only catch is that it blocks the adjacent USB port because of its width. There is one free USB port left. I have to plug in the keyboard and the USB mouse to a hub. If you do not want this, then you need a DHMI/DVI cable as opposed to an adapter. A cable will cost 3-4 times more than this adapter.There are many sellers for this little adapter. If you need it in two days, find a seller closest to you. I bought mine from Bargain Cable.
I received one that was different from the product described. Normally I don't jump to conclusions so I figured I would try it out before I bought it. Not only did it not work in two different cassette players, it also would eject even though autoreverse was enabled.So I decided to stop by local Walmart, and wouldn't you know it, they had a Belkin audio adapter. Guess what, it played just fine in both of my cassette players. You can tell if it is a Belkin brand because they put the logo on it.So I contact the seller and now he is giving me the run around on the return... Do not waste your time with this crap.
Not worth getting a refund! It squeaks more loudly than the actual music playing!! It's junk! I wasn't worth it to me to send it back for a refund. I'ts not even worth it to me to try a replacement.I didn't bother to contact seller. So please, this is a review of the product! NOT the seller!Very unhappy with this product. Do yourself a favor. Choose another product!
Not compatible with late 90s Ford premium audio in dash cassette deck. I did test my deck with an actual cassette and it plays fine, so deck is working fine.Tried inserting this into the cassette deck with the XM logo facing upwards on my late 90s Ford truck equipped with the factory premium audio. The deck tries to play it then spits it out for some odd reason.Flipped it around with the printed text facing down and blank side up and carefully put it in since the cord was exiting from the wrong side of the unit and was at risk of getting snagged inside the tape deck. I only got one channel of audio, right channel, but man did it sound very rich and crisp! Sticking my finger into the deck itself and pressing on different areas of the tape seems to help bring back the left channel but my fiddling causes the deck to eject the tape. I'm going to continue to experiment and maybe I can get it to work. I don't blame NewEgg or seller for this problem, it's just one of those random things I guess and at this price I still have no regrets.
My daughter gave my old one to one of her friends.  I was a little ticked off at first, because these are hard to find these days.  After I purchased a couple of these, I am glad she gave the old one away (I bought it at a dollar store).Much better sonic quality.  Price is a little more than I paid for the first one ($1.00) but hey, this price isn't bad, considering I do subscribe to Amazon Prime and the shipping was freeeeeeeee.Very high quality sound.  A definite winner.  Oh yes, the seller will include a small catalog of their other items that are equally cool, good quality and cheap!  I ended up ordering a couple other items from them as well.
I ordered the camera standard shipping, and Amazon told me it would take 10 days to get the camera.  But I emailed the seller, and my camera came in roughly 3 days!  Awesome experience, and awesome seller! I've been very happy with the camera.
The Denon AH-D2000 headphone is basically the same as the $900 list Denon AH-D5000 headphones (clearanced due to a reportedly not much better replacement), with the exception that the Denon AH-D5000 has wooden head cups and a little better cord. This information comes from a professional who has taken the two apart and examined the identical drivers and frames. Many dealers now have the Denon AH-D2000 discounted to  $210 (and the Denon AH-D5000 is discounted to $350).  This means you can get get the equivalent sound of the $900 list Denon AH-D5000 high end audiphile grade headphones for $210.  However, you may want to check to see that the seller is a Denon authorized rep so that you get a factory warranty also.The Denon headphones sound absolutely wonderful once broken in.  I have a pair of great sounding Sennheiser HD650s and I like the Denons better.  The Denons with their lower impedance can easily be played at loud levels from an iPod.(25 Ohm instead of 300 Ohm with the Senns).  The Sennheiser HD650s cannot be played at anything above relaxed background levels and sound a little muted straight from an iPod - be aware though that some of the lower priced Sennheisers are much better that way). The Denons fit somewhat loosly yet are very very comfortably on your head.  The Sennheisers feel a little vice like after awhile in comparison.  However, if you bend over, the Denon headphones can easily slip off your head.  They are for use when stationary.  The Sennheisers, although not as comfotable, stay firmly on your head. The posh leather of the Denons feels much better on the skin than the fuzzy velvet of the Sennheisers in my opinion.The bass from the Denons is wonderfully full, rich, and accurate once they are broken in (plan on 200 hours for this).  Not muddy and boomy at all.  As they break in the bass tightens up a little, the highs which were a just little forward loose any edge, and the mids open up and move more forward and loose most of the recessed sound.  However, you had better like bass.  The Sennheisers sounded great in the bass department until I heard the Denons, now the Senns sound inadequate in comparison.  When you listen to Diana Krall through the Denons, the sound of the bass is such that you are right there with Ray Brown playing the acoustic bass.  You would need speakers with 12" woofers to get this kind of bass.As far as break in goes, if you wish to break the headphones in quickly, pick some bass heavy material such as Fleetwood Macs Greatest Hits, etc and put the volume level at a comfortably slightly higher than normal setting, and cover them with blanket or pillow if you want, and let them play constantly for 3 to 7 days.The midrange on the Denons is natural and nicely textured, yet ever so slightly recessed compared to the Senns because of the relatively strong bass. I found the highs on the Denons after break in to be delicate and revealing, almost Angelic, without any harshness.  Piano and steel guitar is seductive through the Denons.  The highs are the best I have ever heard and are superior to the Sennheisers by my ears.I have read some say the Sennheiser HD650 headphones are too smooth.  Chances are they were referring to the sound heard without a headphone amp which is inadequate at best.  Through my lovely Cayin tube headphone amp (or probably almost any headphone amp), the Senns actually sound slightly forward instead to me in the midrange and treble, yet very smooth and nice. Without a headphone amp, they are a little dull and overly smooth and to me, not worth having.I have compared hearing the Denons with and without a headhone amp.  The Denons unlike the Sennheisers, still sound very good straight from the iPod, but allot of the bass and some of the fidelity is reduced from the incredible sound that you hear with a headphone amp.So, don't hurt your head wondering if the Denon AH-D2000 headphones are worth the  $210.  Just buy them.  You won't even get much better sound at all for $1,000.  They are within a hairs difference of nuance at most, of the best headphones available at any price and one of the best deals going anywhere for a pair of ultra professional grade high end audiophile headphones.
The sound from these Denon AH-D5000 headphones is extraordinary (even at their list of $900 instead of the current clearance price of $350 - you may not get a warranty at that price).  I didn't like them much at first until I let them break in for about 200 hours.  After break in, the recessed midrange came forward and the bass tightened up.The bass the Denon headphones put out is the equivalent of what you might get out of speakers with 12" woofers.  The bass is not overpowering and is accurate.  However, you had better be a bass lover.  When listening to Diana Krall, it was as if I was right beside Ray Brown playing the acoustic bass with my head just a few feet from the soundhole.The highs are Angelic.  They are detailed, revealing, and open, yet delicate at the same time.  They produce some of the best piano and steel string guitar music I have heard.The midrange is another Denon forte.  However, it is slightly recessed due to the relatively powerful bass.  Yet, the mids are some of the best I have heard and are very warm, natural, and organic sounding and very well textured.  I am a midrange nut, and the mids opened up as the headphones broke in to sound wonderful.  In my opinion, if Denon had voiced the mids to play about 4db louder and  bass about 3db less, they would have had perhaps the best set of  headphones in the world.  However, the sound is still great the way it is.Lawton Audio installs Markyl mods to reduce the perceived bass a little by adding some sound insulation to reduce headset resonance and tighten the bass, thereby letting the mids to relatively stand out a little more.  I like the Denons so much the way they are, I wonder if the $140 mod is worth it.  I would love to hear detailed reports from others who have done it.  If the mods tighten the bass while leaving it intact and move the mids relatively forward, giving me one of the best headphones in the world, I would certainly consider the extra cost!I prefer the sound I hear from the Denon AH-D5000 over my Sennheiser HD650 headphones which are quit nice also.  The Denons mids, treble and bass to me are superior to the Sennheisers for my sonic preferences.  The midrange of the Sennheisers through a good headphone amp is a bit more forward and brassy than the Denons, yet still very smooth and nice.  Overall, I prefer the sligtly more romantic and relaxed midrange of the Denons.The Denons 25 Ohm impedance allows it to be played well directly from an iPod, which cannot be done well with the Sennheiser HD650 from an iPod with its 300 ohm impedance (the Senns are great from a headphone amp though).  Although the Sennheisers do indeed require a headphone amp to sound good, some of the lesser Sennheiser models with less impedance sound very good from an iPod.  Connected directly to an ipod with no headphone amp, the Denons still sound very good, but loose some of the bass and fidelity.  However, from an iPod the mids of the Denon headphones do sound nicely more forward as the bass, though still strong, is diminished a bit. You will need a headphone amp to get the best out of either.The Sennheisers bass sounds sounded good before hearing the Denons rich full bass.  Afterward, the Sennheisers bass sounded inadequate in comparison.  The Sennheisers  have a significantly more forward and sligtly more brassy midrange from a headphone amp than the Denons do, yet still sound smooth.  However, the Sennheiser HD650 sounds dull and overly smooth straight from an iPod, and are apparently made to be played only through a headphone amp.The Denons sit somewhat loosely on the head and are made to be listened to in a stationary position.  Although the pads touch the head well enough to seal and leave the listener very comfortable even with extended listening, they can easily fall off the head when bending over.  The Sennheisers on the other hand, sit very firm on the head and will not come off.  However, the Sennheisers although comforatable at first, start to fatigue a little and feel a little vice like compared the the Dennons which you barely notice are there at all.The Denon AH-D5000 is the best headset for my listening preferences that I have heard.  However, if you are looking for a bargain, the almost identical Denon AH-D2000 may be a better deal - and is now being clearanced at $210 compared to the best clearance price of $350 (instead of the $900 list) for the Denon AH-D5000.  They both share the same drivers, and the only difference between the two is that the D5000 has wooden cups for a slightly more organic sound and a better cord. It would be wise to check and see if the seller is authorized by Denon if you want a factory warranty.Either pair represents some of the best sound that you can buy at any price for professional grade high end audiophile headphones.  You will get very little extra paying $1,000 for a pair of headphones.
As a dedicated customer of Sony products.,I rate this as a C. The basic system is fine but the headphones are really cheaply made. They don't fit into the ears correctly. The seller was fine, the packaging was hard to open as are all the new electronics on the market.I would use this vendor again but I am very dissapointed with the headphones. I use this type of system daily as I walk for health reasons. I cover many many miles. I will be careful from now on about picking another type of headphones.
Item was not what I expected.  Not sure where the disconnect occurred.  Suggest making sure if you purchase a CPU you really know what your getting.  Returned to seller.
This 4GB/Class-4 card works great in my card reader, digital picture-frame or Kodak Z812 (tested Burst-Mode & Videos). Hardly noticable speed difference compared to a CLASS-6 card (casual observation). Capacity is ~40MB less than similar Transcend 4GB SDHC.  Purchased NEW from "Adorama" (lowest cost/free s/h). Arrived in Houston 'FAST' (Purchased Sunday, shipped Monday, delivered Wednesday). I Reccomend product & Seller.
I have had several flash memory cards,  never have had trouble with any of them. This brand seems to be very poupler. I am sure I will have a very good experance with this one. Seller sent it at a good time. +++++
very good seller I get everything in perfect condition well fast excellent product all I taste what I recommend to all
A great product at a great price!  I have always been partial to Kingston. I would recommend this item and seller to my friends.
Bought this for my Dish Network setup after tragedy struck the original.  Works just like the old one, and the seller was great.  No problems.
Still can not get it it to turn on the TV, works on DISH item no problem. Developed a rattle inside. I would purchase again from seller if he had a help line
Great product; works perfectly for my Sony Ericsson Z555. It's amazing that this tiny card holds 1 Gig.However, bad experience with ordering this from Digital Media Source (through Amazon). They sent me the wrong product & were slow to answer my emails. I had to mail it back before they would correct my order & even then, I had to babysit the return with follow up correspondence. They also said they would reimburse me a certain amount for the return shipping, but they ended up giving me HALF, and it was in CASH (scary)! And the correct product took over a week longer than the Amazon "arrive by date" AVOID this seller.
The ADVERTISEMENT said this would fit a GoPro Hero 2 HD. Not even CLOSE. I had to go buy an adapter at a local electronics outlet. The sound is meh unless you know how to cut some of the high end noise out via software.Seller was fast shipping though!I don't even use this anymore.'nuff said.
This product is a must for a beginner and the product is very easy to use. Just plug in to the moniter jack or use the clip to attach it to your lapel. With the Cap to cover the mic. it will eliminate wind and reduce unwanted noise while recording. It was very easy to setup and the results was very good. I highly recommend this product and the seller. Amazon. Com The price was reasonable for my budget and it's worth every penny I paid for it.  Great job Amazon as always.
I had purchased the Toshiba HD-A3 HD-DVD player on Christmas Eve in order to play an HD-DVD formatted movie my daughter was to receive. I had researched Blu-ray and HD-DVD and really couldn't make sense, at the time, on who would be the winner. After Warner's announcement (around 1/11 or so) that it would only support Blu-Ray, the death of HD-DVD was imminent. So, I returned the HD-A3 player to a local retailer for a refund. I also decided that I would not invest in Blu-Ray because of the expensive players and the unsettled versioning. I wasn't about to drop $300+ for a Blu-Ray player only to learn that newer models would be out by year's end. The current models can't be upgraded. Yes, I know Play Station 3's can be upgraded, but right now I don't really need/want a PS3 player.So, I was on a search for a decent up-converting player. The Phillips DVP5982 had high reviews and was a top seller on Amazon. Unfortunately, I ordered my unit from someone else because the price was a little cheaper. Due to the retailer's nearby distribution center, I got it basically overnight compared to waiting 2-3 days for Amazon's shipping.Everything about the Phillips player is easy to operate. The remote is well designed, menu systems are logical. If you are not up on current technology, you may become confused with some of the settings, 780p, 1080p, HDMI, etc. I think the Toshiba HD-A3 player did a better job at upconverting basic DVD's, but this Philips machine does quite a decent job. I'm pleased.The USB port is a nice feature but is rather slow with modern, large jpg files. It is probably faster with scaled down pictures that are not so large in size. I think I'd rather burn the pics to a DVD and view them that way instead of waiting for each to load via USB.Power up time is a little slow. You may wonder if you actually turned it on or not. DVD load time is about average to other players.
The seller was fast and as helpfull as they could be but there are major problems with this product.As other people have posted, this thing will just stop working after a few months.  Worked great at first then three months later it died.  contacted the seller, they were quick to get back to me (thumbs up for that!) and said there is no solution to fix it.  They quickly sent me a replacement (thumbs up again!) but the second one has stopped working also.  It attempts to start up sporadically when I try different usb ports, but it's looking like it's dead for good now.If you're looking for a quick audio fix and don't need it for more than a month or so, this product is for you! Otherwise, don't waste your money.
I bought this item, but received something different.  Instead I got the $4.38 USB audio adapter without the retail packaging or the CD-ROM software.  I emailed the seller, and they said they don't have this item.  They did not offer any kind of refund.  Don't buy this.  Buy the cheap one, because that's probably what you're going to end up with.Good luck.
I used 25 feet cable before this (diff seller) and picture was intermittent from sony DVD player to LCD. Seemed like too much attenuation due to length. This cable is 15 feet and thin compared to 25 feet. But no more issues. due to thin nature of cable it is also easy to fit in a conduit.
This seller apologized for the inconvenience and offered a full refund for not forwarding the brand cable.  The offer was accepted.  Fair-minded, good seller!
I didn't get my light from amazon (ebay seller) but couldn't be happier with it. It is very bright (brighter than those little 9 led flashlights that you find in auto stores). It has a nice flexible metal arm that allows you to position the light any way you like. The light shines a clean white light that allows you to view the keys on your laptop, or use it as a desk lamp with any other usb hub or connector. I use mine mostly with my desktop in order to see general items around the desk when I am using the computer at night. I just can't believe how well this light preforms for the price and size, it honestly is so good that I am ordering another one, so I can stop using the old wasteful 120 volt ac incandescent lamp on my desk. If you are looking for a great usb powered lamp, check this one out 5*****
First of all, quick delivery and adequate packaging, so kudos to the seller.Pros:The 10 LED lamp provides adequate light for the keyboard unlike many others with fewer LEDS.Works great for my Laptop because it has USB ports on the side and I plug it onto my cooler USB pass thru and therefore it does not take up another USB port. If you want to use it for your desktop it would be advisable to have a USB hub beside the keyboard in order to get effective lighting.Cons:The flexible shaft is not strong enough and unless set in a particular position it will not remain in place.It has no ON or OFF buttonA caveat to the lack of a ON/OFF button is that if your Desktop or Laptop is shutdown the light will not come on if attached to the unit.Somewhat cheaply made, but what do you expect for the price. If this one shows some longevity I will purchase another for my laptop and carry it with me when I travel.Hope this helps.
My first foray into digital imaging was in 2002, with the purchase of a Nikon D100 and a D1X. Both cameras have been workhorses for me for almost 10 years to the date. This purchase for me represents an upgrade in pixel dimensions, image quality and a leap forward in the technology. My 6 megapixel cameras were giving me outstanding results, the reasons for the upgrade were the peripherals. My 6mp D100/D1X would only accept up to 2gig cards and function properly.  The new D300 (for me) solves that issue very handily. I am very pleased. The technology just keeps getting better.The seller's item was as described, "...in excellent condition."  . . .  bgs..
I had to say that this is a FANTASTIC camera.  Having only spent the day with it and getting off about 200 shots, this is easily the best camera I have shot with.  I am by no means a pro, so take this with a grain of salt.  If you're like me and upgrading from a lower model, your first reaction when seeing the user manual will be "Whoa, what have I done".  But not to fear.  There is a quick guide as well that is worth it's weight in gold.  Without messing with the more complex settings, I was shooting pics in no time.  With my 35mm lens, the results were better than I thought possible.  I am not exaggerating here.  This camera is that good.  Please, don't be discouraged thinking it's a few years old or it's old technology.  Not true.  Why do you think this camera is rated 5-stars by 213 people, and still being sold.Forget higher pixels.  This is the camera you've been looking for.  If your serious about your photography, and do not shoot in Auto mode, or use those cute symbols (creative settings), and are willing to put in the time, you will be rewarded for your efforts.I haven't experimented with the ISO yet, so more to come on that front.  But, at this point, all is good and I couldn't ask for more.  IMHO, save your money for better glass and buy this USED or REFURBED.  I paid $630 from a private seller.  Didn't even consider any of the newer models.  Only other choice was the D7000, but I didn't want to spend the extra money.  I bought a prime lens with the money I saved.More to come...including pictures. Thanks for reading.  Oh, and one more thing.  READ THE MANUAL, TWICE, and maybe a book or two on the D300.  It was a top of the line camera in it's day.  It still is.  And no, it doesn't shoot video.  If you need video, buy a camcorder.UPDATE: I wanted to let others know that there is virtually no difference between the D300 and the D300s.  Here's what the "S" model has that the 300 doesn't:D300S has 2 storage slots (only one is CF, which I prefer)Shoots video (not interested; have a camcorder)Has quiet shutter release mode (I don't need it; I like hearing my shutter)Active D has extra hi mode (I can live without it; rarely use Active-D)Dedicated Live view and info buttons on the body of the camera (I access these options through the menu)Has virtual horizon (not important unless you shoot landscapes)If I've missed anything on this list, please mention it.  Now I am going outside to shoot the stars :)
At first I was skeptical on buying the Audioengine A2, since it looked to be overpriced and looking at the $100 M-Audios.I did have a bad experience, with my first batch of the A2 from the Seller( was not cooperative) the right speaker was dead(due to the broken Amp in the left speaker) Luckily, Audioengine give your 3 years of warranty and sent it( you pay your own shipping)The speakers sound phenomenal, they give your music life and distinguish every highs,mids and lows amazingly. I see my self jamming to concert in my own room with these. They far then any other bookshelf speakers, if you have the money invest into a Audioengine DAC for even enormous sound improvement or just buy the Audioengine A5s.The speakers are small and subtle with a classy/elegant look they will pop any room to classiness. I highly recommend these to anyone who wants to improve their gaming and music habits.
I was pleased to find after 3 or 4 days of using the product that it has an extendable antenna on the the provided over-the-air antenna. I also had the benefit of successfully testing it's features over-the-air and via paid cable. My netbook has successfully been transformed to a all-around entertainment system. Kudos to the software and hardware developers as well as the amazon seller.
I have no idea how the product works but I do know the seller EZCORP. I ordered used for my daughters birthday. They called the next day saying there was a mix up with the posting and that they would send me an "upgraded" version. They also said for my troubles they would throw in a case and an SD card. I was fine with that. It shipped quickly and when it got here, I tried to turn it on and it said battery depleted. I plugged it in with the included charger. It did not come with the SD card or case, as promised, let alone any kind of instructional manual or usb cord of any kind. I contacted the seller and was not contacted back with any kind of sorry or please let us make it right or please let us refund your money. They just sent me a return label. I will never buy from this company again.
The "speaker-system-in-a-box" (Creative, Logitech, etc) solution sucks (in my opinion). They all sound tin-ey and plastic-ey (even the high-dollar ones). So I bought two Polk bookshelf speakers along with this amp. What a difference a good, quality amp makes (and wood enclosed speakers)! This amp fits well on my desktop yet gets extremely loud when the volume is turned up. In fact, I cannot turn the volume up much past the midway point because it is too loud. And it isn't merely loud, it is loud & CLEAR. It may be a bit over-kill for a desktop pc, but the main reason I wanted such sonic clarity is because I like to rip & transcode my music & dvd collection. I guess I could have simply bought some good headphones, but who wants to wear headphones? I think I'm obsessive-compulsive, but hey, it drives me crazy when something doesn't sound-look-taste-feel-smell right. I can say that is amp leaves nothing to be desired. I listened to "Terrapin Station" with a $150 "package" speaker system and then hooked up my new Polks and the Dayton. No comparison. The Dayton matched with the Polks gave such great clarity & realism & warmth I could hardly believe it. Cymbals shimmered, Jerry's voice & guitar flowed like "silvery wine in a space-ship, gravity all non-sense", horns rang strong and true... Now I can be more satisfied that my audio work is being performed correctly and that they sound as perfect as can be gotten. The one drawback is that you'll need two of these amps along with a separate subwoofer for your LFE.One tip (which should be obvious): make sure your speaker wires don't contact one another when you screw them down into the posts. A little strand of wire was reaching out and just slightly touching another wire from a different channel. I was pulling my hair out trying to figure out why my amp wouldn't stay on! One quick call to the seller provided friendly help to solve my little issue. I would definitely buy another Dayton amp.
Great TV and a good seller and received my purchase as they had said but I only wish I would have waited a few days as the same seller was selling the TV for $200 less than I paid and besides I wish I would have investigated the company then I would have found out they was in my state and therefore I had to pay state sales tax on my purchase.
I recently purchased the TomTom 920 and thought was the 920T model and it wasn't.  The difference is: The TomTom GO 920T includes a RDS-TMC Traffic Receiver in the box and a year subscription to TomTom's traffic service. You can also purchase the traffic kit separately for other TomTom GO and One devices; price is $129.95 and $24.95 for yearly service subscription. I completed all of the updates from the TomTom web site and had to to go on a business trip; I was more than half a mile off from my hotel; I also was directed to take turns on roads that do not exist or u-turns into barriers on the Hi-way. Amazon.com or seller do not offer extra warranty coverage. This is my first GPS and do like it; I just hope TomTom can fix the mapping errors.
Inexpensive. And AS-Advertised!!! BRAVO! Quick shipping (via USPS Priority Mail).I appreciate this seller's speed in shipping and the perfect product at a GREAT price!Thanks!
This was delivered very quickly and performed as expected. Will use this seller again. I am very happy to be able to find replacement parts for my Wii at such reasonable cost and major convenience
I purchased the Diamond VC500 Video Capture Device to convert my VHS recordings and burn to DVD discs. The plan is to give up my VCR but my previous capture device "Dazzle" finally broke.The delivery from this seller was very fast and the overall quality is good.The Diamond VC500 One Touch Video Capture is a compact and easy to use device and has worked very well for me. I was concerned about capturing videos with USB and analog RCA cables, instead of FireWire for example, but there have been no issues with USB 2.0.My package included ShowBiz and OneTouch Capture software. I found the software to be disappointing and had to remove it from my computer. The audio was jerky and full of static. In the past, I have had issues with ShowBiz's audio not syncing correctly with the video track during file conversions.Instead, I am using the AVS Video Recorder (capture) software. You can download the entire AVS suite of audio and video editing software for a very reasonable price and the subscription is for a lifetime. Unlike ShowBiz, there are no copyright restrictions. This combination of software and capture device has served me well and the price is hard to beat.
BUYER BEWARE!!!!! I Gave this 5 stars as I have used these drives for years with less than a 2% failure rate.  I also realize that these are out of production, however THIS ITEM WAS SOLD AS NEW WHEN IT WAS IN FACT NOT!!!  This was an Amazon fulfillment so I didn't expect this.  BUYER BEWARE!!!!!  If used or recon (not sure which this is) is OK then go for it.  BUYER BEWARE!!!!!Update 7/2/14 - This USED drive has massive defective sectors (I used Spinrite by GRC) and SMART is warning of imminent drive failure. Its going back and I will look elsewhere.Update 7/2/14 - Returned it. There is a product out there called spinrite, (google it) that can usually fix a bad hard drive as long as they aren't too far gone.  Its also great for testing supposed NEW drives like these.Also just because a drive is blank without any data doesn't mean it is new.  It is very easy to clean a drive.FYI this drive was not a reconn as WD would have put it in one of their branded anti-static bags and secondly would never have let a drive leave in the condition this one was in.The seller tried to get me to take down my negative review by offering me $10.  I told them no-way as long as they are selling these as new.  You would think they would at least test them or.... are they letting them out the door with known defects?
I'm not a pro of handling computer fix. I bought this unit under the advise by computer technician who recommend the brand for me. Now, its being install in my old computer and running great. Price-wise, this is good deal compare to those other seller. I like it.
I love this thing. I`m not real computer or game, literate and didn`t hook up ll the features provided by this product. Worked perfectly, and soft ware was easy to navigate. Highly recomend this for novive or hardcore highend video game players. Receipt of product was very prompt and in the condition as promised by seller. Great keyboard!
This data card was offered at a fraction of the price charged at the phone store. The service was fast, and the seller was great. I definitely recommend them!
I bought this memory card for use in my LG Chocolate phone.  Loaded up fine and appears to perform as advertised. Very quick delivery from the seller.
As described at the top of this page, this is a "bulk package" card, meaning it doesn't come in a pretty package.  All you get is the carrying case with the Micro SD card and SD adapter inside.  Who need the packaging anyway?  You're just going to throw it away as soon as you get your card out ;)  Rest assured, it is in fact a brand new, official card (well... at least the one I got from the seller "a-depot" was).FWIW, I chose the seller "a-depot" because, if you include shipping costs, they were the cheapest seller period.  2gb transflash for $30.39 shipped.  Just wow.Use:I plugged in into my card reader and it mounted instantly.  Actual usable space on the card showed up as 1.89 GB.  I did a couple tests with a 30MB file and found that the transfer rates over USB2 (on my system at least) are consistently 1mb/s for both read AND write.After copying over a few MP3's, I moved the card into my  Verizon Motorola Krzr.  Everything showed up right away.  Not much more to say.
I needed a MicroSD card for my LG Rumor 2 (Virgin Mobile) phone, and this was a great deal on a quality card.  The card works well, has fast sustained read/write speeds, and the adapter works perfectly.  All three of my computer systems (Win Vista & Win7) instantly recognized the card, as did my LG Rumor 2 phone.  I'm quite pleased with my purchase.The first card and adapter wound up getting lost in the mail. The seller, Komputerbay, was very prompt in sending a replacement.  I'm glad they were so helpful!
I wanted a video player that was easy to use with UnBox and other video sites other than iTunes (I have owned a 3G 40G and own a 4G 30G video and 3G Nano 4GB). Here are my initial thoughts:Fast charging via USBEasy to use Samsung proprietary software for music, video and RSS feedsNice User Interface with Touch Screen, bright colorsFile transfer from UnBox a breeze, recognized immediately, very fast file transfer vs. IPODEasy interface to add, update and load RSS feedsDrag and drop computer files for music and videoSyncing is much easier than an IPOD, does not sync all of your files to obtain new files to loadUpdated firmware was fast and easy (Bluetooth upgrade)Great sound quality and form factorCost per MB more affordable than an IPODLove it so far after 1.5 hours of use; will update once I have it for a week or two.WORTH considering, like the fact that it does not require quirky Windows Media PlayerPurchased for $200, which was a bargain vs. the 4G IPOD NanoConsidered the Creative Vision and Archos; Archos was more than I needed as I just wanted to plug and play and take this on a plane. :)Update 1/20/2007: The Unbox and Vongo video downloads work great. Vongo at $9.95 per month gives a variety of videos to download (14 day trial). Vongo does load any video that you choose from your subscription (total rental fee per month) vs. Unbox which only lets you download purchases --- no rentals for portable video devices.I also purchased the JabraBT620s Bluetooth headset and it paired immediately. Wireless music and video. However, the P2 does not support bluetooth with FM radio. Price for the Jabra is around $38-40 from an Amazon seller, 1/2 the price vs. other websites. When on Bluetooth, you can not change the equalizer settings.Wish this were 16GB which would hold enough music and video; Samsung is coming out with 16GB model. However, this is not a deal breaker. Just means that you have to take videos off and swap them, and that would be the case with Vongo as you can download new videos all of the time.When I take a plane trip this coming week, I will come back and update my review. Will be using Bose Quiet Comfort 1 with this player.
First I would like to thank this seller for offering this item at an amazing price.  I paid the same amount for an 8gb as stores were selling for a 4gb.  Item came new as advertised and wrapped in shrink wrap.  Shipping was fast too.The actual player is amazingly simple to use.  The video display is crystal clear and have been using it everyday for a solid month and am yet to have a problem.  The only downside to the samsung is its affiliation to rhapsody.  I found rhapsody to be very overpriced to buy music and videos.  A plus though is clicking and dragging songs from my laptop to the mp3 player takes split seconds.  Im very pleased with this items size, durability, and battery life.  It also weighs about half of the Apple video.  Though the apple has a bigger hard drive there is very little you could do to pursuade me to have made a different choice.  I would recomend this media player to anyone who loves music and video on the go.
The Camera was in "good condition" with one minor chip in the top of the "control panel". Everything else seems to be in good or like new condition. It is fast and does take good or excellent pictures. The camera with the 18-200mm ED-IF AF-S VR DX lens makes for a real good match.The seller, along with Amazon, had to be contacted and encouraged to send the missing parts, a lens and a body cap.Nikon D300 DX 12.3MP Digital SLR Camera with 18-200mm f/3.5-5.6G ED-IF AF-S VR DX Nikkor Zoom Lens
I have to say that these are by far the best earbuds I've ever owned.. sound wise.. I was able to hear instruments and vocals in songs I never picked up before with cheaper earbuds.Maybe I expect too much out of a product. I listen to my Ipod about 3-5 hours a day.. 5 days a week and usually get about a year out of cheaper earbuds like Sony or JVC. So the fact that these earbuds died on me after 10 months is a little disappointing.They didn't die like the normal short in the cord, where if you wiggle it they will start working again.. they just flat out died on the left side. No sound.. no crackle.. no wiggling to get the sound back.. just like it was never there in the first place.They come with a 2 year warranty according to the box; however, the seller Headphone Jack is not an authorized dealer of Sennheiser so, they won't accept a warranty return.I would recommend these to anyone who wants great sound from their Ipod, I would not recommend these to anyone who would like a long lasting quality product.
I read many many reviews before making my purchase on these.  I took the good with the bad and assumed the people complaining about there being too much bass just didn't like the bass.  Boy was I wrong.  The amazon seller I got them from was wonderful.  The product arrived extremely fast in the original sennheiser packaging.  These were definitely the real deal, not fakes.  The sound quality produced by these are the most pathetic thing I have ever heard.  They are nothing more than muffled bass with no mid or high whatsoever.  I don't care what kind of equilizer settings you have on your device, you're never going to make these sound good.  The generic hands-free headphones that came with my phone are better than this junk.  I purchased a pair of mid-range sony canal phones and they rock the socks off of these for about the same price.  I'll definitely never give a sennheiser product the time of day again!
Hey everyone I just bought a pair of cx 500 and paid $40. Everyone might be thinking that low price than this might be fake but no it real I compared everything before opening the package so to be sure its real and ones approved I opened the package and compared everything and it seem to be 100% real so I would give 5 star for the price, the sound and they are real. I bought these headphones from "headphone jack"'so buy from this seller he sells real stuff and ones again I really like these headphones.
Great product that I am very happy with, i travel a lot, so if i forget my charger somehow, this stays in my trunk, so i always have a back up, prompt shipping. I would purchase again from this seller.
I learned that picture quality suffers from voltage drop, but not from length of video co-ax according to the seller. So while my cameras are hundreds of feet from my DVR, it's best to have the power source local to the cameras.So rather than run the power for the cameras from the DVR area the way the professional installers did who originally put our system in, I changed the location of the power cubes. I have the power supplies plugged in just inside our building where the cameras are mounted, so the 12v supply cord only runs about twenty feet. System works 200% good.Each supply conservatively runs two cameras and has been in service 24/7 now for two years and counting.
Shipped fast and allows me to take unlimited pictures on my old Kodak Easy Share camera. Well packed and was pleased with the price. Would buy again from this seller.
I bought my A57 with the kit lens, and while that lens exceeded my expectations, I knew that I would want something with more flexibility. The photos from the SAL18250 are very good (I consider myself an advanced amateur, though I would buy a Zeiss lens if I had the $$. Of course, if I had the $$, I wouldn't be using an APS-C model, but I digress.) Overall, it does exactly what I want, and combines the flexibility that I had with my DSC-HX1, with the image quality of the APS-C sensor. I needed something faster than 3.5, so I purchased a 50mm 1.8 DT lens to use along with this lens.Pros:Color and sharpness match the kit lens, no regrets there.Range is everything I need. (Matched with the excellent digital zoom capabilities of the A57, I was able to take some great moon shots last month.)The perspective distortion at wide angle is noticeably better than the kit lens, though still present. (The A57 also quickly and intelligently makes adjustments to the photo to correct some of the remaining vignetting and distortion).Zoom and focus action are smooth (Internal focus ring doesn't affect front element.)Lens lock switch is located on the barrel, though I have never had to use it.Cons:The lens feels well made, but adds considerable heft to the camera. One handed photos are more difficult.The screw-drive autofocus is not as quick as the built in motor of the 18-55, though it is a touch quieter.Still some distortion and a small amount of fringing (chromatic aberration) against bright backgrounds.Price. $650 is a bit steep compared to competitive and similar models, though I bought mine at a great discount from an independent Amazon seller.
They must have changed the item description since I bought them.  I saw them online and said, "Gee, a pair of Apple iPhone earbuds for this little money, let me get a pair".  Well they weren't Apple products.  They are simple, cheesy lame, poor quality knockoffs you might find at a flea market in a basket selling 5 for a dollar.Yes, they work.  The wire is poorly constructed, and feels flimsy.  The sound quality was atrocious.  I would say the sound quality is akin to the sounds of an AM radio with a garbage disposal on in the background.Now, don't get me wrong.  These headphones are not completely without a purpose.  I will keep them in the bottom of my laptop bag in case a shoelase breaks on my sneakers and I need an emergency white lace.You get what you pay for.  But so does the seller, he gets poor reviews.  It looks like I am not the only one annoyed a the lack of quality with this item.
I own two of these. In one I keep a JVC Everio HD camcorder with its cables, charger, and remote, and in the other I keep a Samsung HMX-H104 HD camcorder with its cables, charger, and remote. The Samsung's manual is on CD, while the JVC comes with a paper manual, and unfortunately that would not fit in a pocket of the Caselogic case unless I were to fold it in half, which I'd rather not do. If I really felt a need to have copies of the manuals with me, I could make copies that would fit, after folding, in the cases.This Caselogic case is slate, not black. If Caselogic ever manufactured it in black, I can find no information about it online (Amazon's description says black and you can see from the picture that it isn't). I own a Lumix FZ28 digital camera that does not fit in this case. I bought one of the two of these cases that I own direct from Caselogic on sale with free shipping (I ordered several items, which made my purchase high enough to qualify for the free shipping deal on offer). After owning it a while and finding it quite a nice case, I bought the other one new from an Amazon marketplace seller for just over ten with shipping.Any camera or camcorder larger than the JVC and Samsung models I mention above would not fit in this case along with cables, etc. For those camcorders, this case is ideal in terms of size and protection for storage at home, travel, and for just tossing into the car. With the cameras, cables (USB cables for connecting the camcorders to computers, and cables for connecting the camcorders to TV sets), chargers (AC adapters), and remotes in the cases, I still have room for a few small extras. My experience with Caselogic products over a number of years is that they are well-made and sturdy with good zippers, and seem that they should last "a lifetime" if they are not subjected to abuse.
The unit is just okay. It has a lot of bells and whistles, which all work as advertised. The player is also reasonably intuitive, i.e., I could work everything without reading the directions, which is my major test. The only real issue is the sound quality. The $20 set of speakers I purchased though Amazon and connected to my computer are much better.I'd stay away from Zalmar of Brooklyn, New York as a seller. I ordered the unit on November 28, 2010 and to me it would seem that given the order date, one might conclude the order was possibly a Christmas present. In this case it was a present for my wife. At all events, the boombox arrived later than the published time range, but certainly well before Christmas. The unconscionable fact is it was not in a shipping box; rather it was in the original manufacturer's box with colored pictures of the boombox. The type of box we all read in a big box store to make a purchase decision.Let me mention here that I order almost everything from Amazon. Felt tip pens, HDMI cables, toner cartridges, batteries, etc., and without exception, all these items have always been sent in a shipping box. That is, when it arrives, the only thing one can tell from the box is that it came from Amazon, but it tells you nothing about the contents in the box.However, the Zalmar item arrived sans shipping box, and unfortunately was accepted by my wife, which kind of took the shine off of her Christmas present. On Christmas morning it was discovered that the CD function did not work. This is the only thing I've ever ordered through Amazon that did not work out of the box.So I went to the Zalmar website, through Amazon, for a Return of Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number. Zalmar sent me an RMA number along with detailed instructions for returning the boombox. The instructions, in part, indicated that there was a 14-day sunset on the RMA, and, if you like irony your going to love this, the boombox must be in its original box, but must be repackaged in a shipping box. This is the quintessential example of a double standard.I went to a local office store, purchased a box, and sent the return item Priority Mail, insured, and I paid for tracking. From the tracking I noted that the return sat idle in the Brooklyn Post Office for about four days, and when it was picked up it took another four days to process. Fortunately, the replacement boombox worked fine.While Zalmar appears to have good customer ratings vis-&agrave;-vis the Amazon tracking system, I would give them whatever is less than no stars. Of course, I could have been part of the 5% for which everything goes wrong. Still, I'm going to avoid Zalmar like the proverbial plague. For those of you that read this far, thank you for indulging my rant.
Excellent device and seller...The I had to replace the battery because it was discharged
This item is on closeout everywhere for less than $10. Considering it cost $100 new, it's an excellent deal. I got mine last night from an Amazon marketplace seller, and I love it. The remote didn't work out of the box, but after I changed the battery, everything was fine. I now have my Zune 80 connected to my stereo!
While I'm thrilled to be able to connect my Zune to the car radio, it does fade in and out - sometimes with terrible static.Without any alternative, I'm glad to have it but, it needs improvement -The seller's bulk pricing is unbeatable.
SO glad i got these. My old cables were not working right anymore. HIGHLY Recommend seller. I like the locking feature on these. Wonderful seller. should get an extra one for the car for my Sync system in there. and keep one in the house
It is brand new and working well I am pleased cause this is what i needed great job seller It works great
I purchased this 16G card directly from Amazon (not another seller). It arrived safely. It worked perfectly. The only problem I have had with it is that it is so tiny - but I guess you can't make a large MicroSD card. :-)Actually, I am using it in a dashboard camera, and the videos are coming out very clear with no problem, so I can only assume it is working well. It transferred quickly and easily to my computer at an expected speed. It is nice to have the adapter, but in order to keep from dropping it, I am using the cord that came with the camera to transfer the data. This keeps me from having to handle the card.No problems ... works as expected.
The card, the seller, and Amazon were great in this transaction.  A word of caution, though.  Many, MANY devices will not recognize a 4 gB SD card; the format really has an upper size limit of 2 gB.  Be sure your device will read/write/recognize this size SD / micro SD before purchasing.
The seller was Amazon. I paid 21 bucks. I'm using this card in a camera...the camera manufacturer recommended a class 4 card for videos.It came formatted.It fit my camera just fine.It comes with a lifetime warranty. Visit the Kingston Technology website to learn more about the warranty (click on Support, Warranty Information, Duration of Warranty).
WARNING! ONLY PURCHASE FLASH MEMORY FROM REPUTABLE ONLINE SELLERS LIKE AMAZON LLC. This card is sold by both Amazon, and multiple other marketplace sellers for cheaper but for a reason. If you try to save a buck and go with a market place seller then you will probably regret it. ALWAYS avoid said "Bulk packing". That is a FAKE product, PERIOD! After visiting the official Kingston website for this card you will see that Amazon is a "preferred online partner" for the sale of this card. That absolutely DOES NOT include marketplace sellers. I can't stress enough the caution required to buy genuine flash memory. So please remember, only buy flash memory sold by AMAZON LLC. You will be able to see who is selling easily. Anyways, onto the review. I bought this for my HTC Flyer. Imediately after opening I ran a benchmark test using CrystalDiskMark and everything came out clear with true class 4 speed (4mb/s) a tested capacity of 7.4GB. I plugged it into my HTC Flyer and have noticed a huge increase in the speed of data transfer. (Upgraded from 2GB class 2) Otherwise I expect this card to perform admirably and I just ask that people be more careful in their online purchases.
Be sure to buy yours from Amazon.com (the seller of course) and you'll be fine. I've added a lot of music to my phone with this card and it works fine...not much else to say.
Works on my Samsung Galaxy ACE , 4.5 MB/s (Write) 18.3 MB/s (Read) . No complaints. Ordered from Amazon directly, no third party seller.NB. I used an app called "SD Tools" to get the results , download it from the android market.
I shopped around and found this a lot cheaper through this seller, plus free shipping.  Now I can download all the music I want on my phone.  Well done, Grasshopper!
it does not work.  extremely poor quality.  you have to be at most 1 inch away from the reciver to get reception and even then there is a hissing noise.  save your self money and agravation do not buy this item.  this item belongs in a trash can.  i will contact the seller and see if i can get money back.WIRELESS MIC W/RECEIVER
This is a very bad keyboard vacuum cleaner. The suction is very bad, barely picks up ANYTHING. I tried putting some dust and lint on a table as a test and it could barely even pick it up. It's also VERY loud and makes a ticking noise which sounds like the fans inside it hitting the walls. Overall, it's a piece of garbage, cheaply made with cheap plastic. Seller wanted me to return it for a refund, I'd rather throw it away then waste my time to return this useless thing.
This case is attractive but impractical. With my new iPod brightness at 100% I can only see the display in the dark. This case is like a pair of sunglasses for your screen. Worts place. Good seller, speedy shipping. . .
When I first received the product, I am not impressed with the product appearance. Once I started using it, I felt good about the product. It gives good protection to the ipod and gives a good look.When I first got the product, It was missing the cleaning cloth. I contacted seller and they issued full refund and asked to to keep the product.It is a very nice support from the seller and I would highly recommend the seller.
Excellent computer, beautiful design, wish Sony would bring back the Wenge Brown, much nicer than the Walnut finish on the NW series.I looked for a Wenge Brown VAIO NR series laptop for months. finally found & bought this Wenge Brown VAIO from SPDDYS an Amazon Marketplace seller who specializes in hard to find new in box laptops & other technology.Delivery & customer service were best in class, I highly recommend & appreciate SPDDYS!
Bought this to upgrade my 2nd gen iPod mini to a larger, more energy efficient flash drive over the stock microdrive. It's been awesome so far.  Battery life in the mini is much improved and it overall just works better and faster w/ this card.  I'm very happy w/ the purchase so far.  Now my mini is better than new w/ 16gb vs the stock 4gb or 6gb that the 2nd gen mini comes w/ and better battery life is great.  I purchased it used from an Amazon third party seller who shipped it very quickly.  Great product, great seller.
This is exactly how an Amazon order should be. Great seller and great experience.This used item, an Apple Infrared Remote Control was priced fairly, and shipped immediately. It arrived promptly in my mailbox a couple days later in exactly the condition described.Since every older Apple Infrared remote is compatible, I actually am using this is a replacement for the lost remote of my Apple TV 3. (And I have now synced an older spare TV remote with the Apple TV3 as a backup. See your Apple TV3 instructions for details. )
First off, I didn't get the cover for the iPod Classic.  It was the same model as the one for the 5.5G iPod.  This will fit a Classic, but the actual Classic model fits better and provides better coverage with a more detailed cutout shape.  Second, Invisible Shield will NOT honor the warranty if it is purchased from Amazon or any seller on Amazon, as they're not an authorized reseller.  So, if you have any issues, you're SOL like I was.That being said, these things are amazing.  A bit difficult to apply properly, but once it's on, your iPod is completely safe from scratching.  The video on their website is no BS: you really can scratch at it with your keys, and it won't touch the iPod.  I can't emphasize how effective these are.  I carry my iPod around in a pocket with a set of keys and an uncapped USB flash drive, and while this would ruin an iPod normally, mine doesn't have a scratch.  I got one for my phone, too (they make them for everything from phones and iPods, to laptops, to wiimotes).  It makes it easy to clean fingerprints off a screen, too, as you don't have to worry about scratching the screen.In conclusion, highly recommended, jut make sure you buy from one of their authorized resellers if you want warranty service.
I love this thing! I use it to upload pictures right out of my camera with the SD card. Works great. Seller sent it quickly. I'm very happy with it.
This card reader broke the moment I gently inserted a compact flash card into it. It also RUINED a 4 gig card! AVOID THIS PRODUCT AND THIS SELLER AT ALL COSTS!
PROS====1. The pen is FANTASTIC! Worth purchasing the whole kit just for the pen2. The cloth it comes with is fabulous! Soft, and cleans LCDs & lenses so well too!3. The cleaning solution really works well!! Especially on a Q-Tip!!4. Comes with a little bag to hold everythingCONS====1. Some of the stuff is slightly on the cheap side...but barely.Conclusion==========I don't regret purchasing this kit. The seller's service was great, the items that are in the kit are mostly of good-great quality.It has everything I need to clean my Canon 5D Mark II & L series lens' -- that's all I care about!!
This fan is quiet and moved alot of air, the seller was very quick to ship.If you need a high flow 120mm fan that will last and that isnt loud, this is the ticket!!!
I have reviewed this product before about 2 or 3 weeks ago that i was a little disappointed about this card because it didn't come in with a driver, i contacted the seller ( Digitalet - Amazon Marketplace) and they are very helpful that they even located the link for me where i can download the driver for my card SB1040. So far it's working and it sounds great. I Thank the associatesof the  Digitalet - Amazon Marketplace for being so helpful and for their quick responds. I apologize for not posting my review earlier because i want to make sure that the driver for the card works. I hope this review is helpful.
if you need support, net gear will not help as the seller if thus product id sn approved reseller and firther my unit was made in 2009!you are warned
It did not work with TV stick. It works with Windows PCs. I return back to seller. TP-link is much better.
I purchased this item from ANTonline. But the antenna was not able to pick up ANY of analog or digital channels, ZERO, not even a single channel, which is not due to my location because my other TERK antenna picks up about 15 digital channels. So I contacted ANTonline, they issued an RMA# but the only refund i got was the item price, I had to suffer the the original shipping and return shipping price of total ~ 15$. They have this aweful policy which bears buyer to pay all the shippings even though the return was due to the item's quality. I mean, is it fair to set any policy in their favor and sell those non-working products, which ends up being returned, however they still can charge full hefty shipping to the unwary customers? It was just plain wrong, unfair and very unpleasant experience to deal with ANTonlie. Amazon.com LLC would have paid all the shippings in this kind of case. AVOID this seller or other 'Marketplace' sellers who charges shipping onto the innocent customers, you'll regret it in case the item you buy doesn't work.
seller shipped accordingly, but product did not last long and under performed. waste of money if you are traveling.
After about a year and a few months, the rubber portion of the ear pieces started splitting where the wires entered the ear piece. The ear buds still worked fine, but obviously, they weren't meant to split open like that.  They came with a two year Klipsch warranty, but Klipsch wouldn't honor it as the seller wasn't an authorized seller.  I contacted the seller - Quick Elecomputer, explained the situation, sent them pictures, said that Klipsch said they weren't an authorized seller, asked them to exchange the ear buds, and their response was to contact Klipsch for the warranty, which I told them that I had already done.Quick Elecomputer is not a reputable seller, and doesn't stand behind their products.  Klipsch gets a D- for poor customer service.  Even though the ear buds were not purchased from an authorized dealer, they failed to perform as advertised, and Klipsch wouldn't back their product.Fine.  I've been speared - $145.00 dollars for less than a year and a half use.  But, that's ok, I'm looking for a replacement set of ear buds, and Klipsch and Quick Elecomputer are banned from my retailer list for life.  Check the warranty before buying stuff on Amazon, and don't buy Klipsch - they don't know who the customer is.
Unfortunately I have learned the hard way that if you buy these headphones from a third party seller on Amazon, Klipsch will not warranty them. Their website says this and I have spoken to them personally and they have confirmed same. Evidently this applies to these headphones since they are a discontinued item. The Klipsch website states, "While Amazon is an authorized online dealer of Klipsch products, many resellers who sell through Amazon are not. When purchasing, it is important to note where the product is being "shipped from and sold by," which is stated clearly in the header for each product on Amazon.com."Sold by third parties = no warranty
The product is almost as described by the seller/ manufacturer. However, what was neglected was the fact that the arm band is not elastic whatsoever, making it 'tight' around one's arm as the flex and relax their muscles. Whereby, it begins sliding slowly down one's arm; annoying if your exercising or partaking in another activity requiring concentration. The front clear plastic view window is slightly loose so contact with the scroll wheel is sometimes devoid, causing the frustration of having to stop what your doing and attend to it more closely. Regardless, overall this is a good product and I would recommend it's purchase to those looking for something similar at a reasonable price point.
I have one of these external hard drives, I received it as a gift, and I've been using it for almost two years. I connect via a USB mini cable, I run Windows XP OS.I haven't had any problems whatsoever with this hard drive. It's been working since I first plugged it in. Take it out of the box, plug in the power and connect it to the PC. I've stored large files on it even in the FAT mode. I keep ebooks, videos, movies, music and pics on it, and I use it every single day.I have no problem with the speed of downloads and transfers, and frankly I can't understand anyone who does. The only possible conclusion I can come to, is that some people are so used to instant gratification that any delay is intolerable. *Shrug*I've had no problems with the computer acknowledging the drive, it operates quietly. But then again I have mine set up on a wire rack that doesn't impede airflow around the unit. There are airflow vents even on the bottom of the casing. I can touch it right now and it's cool to the touch. If you've got one set up on a solid surface you're blocking 1/3 of the cooling vents. I suggest investing in a small wire rack. They're cheap. It may not be sexy, but your external hard drive will thank you for it. And if you care more about how it looks than your data. Well what else is there to say?Maybe all these people with horror stories just got bad units. It happens. There are lemons in any kind of manufacturing. But I can assure you that I will be buying another one of these units to back up the one I have just in case. If you're that concerned about your data, back up your stuff on DVDs or CDs as well, and keep them in a safe location.There are no guarantees in life and that includes technology, but I've been very pleased with this hard drive. As much as I use it, you would think that if it was going to fail it would have failed already. But everything we buy does age and wear out, so before the next year is up I will be buying a new My Book to replace this one before the one I'm using wears out.Having said that, I'll say this. Recently I discovered, to my shock, that good shills, and bad shills, haunt review sites and post good things and bad things about products. This disgusts me. The whole point of reviews is to get information from other people about the product.I've seen competitors write crappy reviews and the seller shilling with good reviews. The only reviews I trust are my own because I don't spend enough time doing reviews to know who is who, I'm sure a great majority of other people don't either.Amazon needs to make people reviewing these products sign an agreement that they don't work for the selling company or a competitor and prosecute those who violate the agreement.I've gotten to the point where I don't trust the reviews here on Amazon. I just find someone I know that has one and I ask them about it. It's too bad corporate America can't produce products good enough to stand behind and feel like they have to put their employees online to tout their products.If the flipping product is good, you don't have to shill it. And I'll die a thousand deaths before I buy any product I find being sold in that manner. And I won't buy anything from a competitor that uses dirty underhanded tactics to undermine someone else's products.After all if a company engages in that kind of behavior, how are they going to treat their customers?
I ordered this battery after first having ordered one from a different seller. The other battery ended up not working AT ALL. I had to return the other battery - then ordered this one. To my delight, this one works better than the two original Dell batteries it replaces, with an initial battery life of over 3 hours . (The others started out with 2 hrs max; then dwindled down to nothing).Hopefully this battery will have a longer life than 2 years (each) the previous Dell name brand batteries I bought did.
I've bought several batteries from these folks in the last couple of years (several different laptops) and each one has failed unpredictably after just a few months.  At first I thought it was a fluke and was seduced by the great prices, but i finally learned my lesson.  This one was great when it first arrived, and within a couple of months had reduced its life by 50% and would suddenly drop to zero. Attempts to contact the seller through Amazon were useless.  Stay away!
I have been editing audio and duplicating and distributing CDs for my church for several years.  And until recently I was also duplicating discs which I mailed to several radio stations for daily radio broadcasts.  But that's now done by sending MP3 files to the broadcasters via FTP.  My old 1:5 duplicator had become increasingly senile and was giving me error messages and wasting media which was costing me money, since I do this out of pocket for the church.  So I took a chance that this duplicator might be better.  Just received it today and got to work clearing up my duplication backlog.  So far I have made 50 CDs from masters that my old duplicator said were bad, but which my audio editing software had showed were actually OK.  Worse, were the ones the old duplicator said were OK, but turned out to be NOT OK once they were distributed (insert emoticon for "eek!").This duplicator is very fast, easy to use with a very simple and intuitive user interface, unlike my last duplicator.  It takes about 4.5 minutes for 5 CDs to be copied.  I don't duplicate DVDs, just CDs at present, but it's good to know the capability is there if I need it later.  Paperwork from the seller indicates the unit was actually QC tested by a human being and his name is even on the form.  They included recommendations for media to use and to avoid, which my last machine did not.  Had to learn that the hard way.  And there's a US customer service number in Texas, so it's comforting to know that if I have a problem I can speak with someone on the same continent.I've always used name-brand CD-R media both for creating audio masters and duplication for distribution.  Cheap no-name media aren't worth the hassle.  The seller cautions, however, that not all name-brand media is suitable for use, e.g. Phillips CD-R.  I've found that to be true.  Too often media that work fine for copying and storing data will be rejected by the recorder or will cause audio hash on playback, usually near the end of the program.  You'd think a bit is a bit is a bit, but that doesn't seem to always be the case when recording digital audio for playback on consumer equipment.[Update:  As of 12/03/2012 I've run a full spindle of CDs through the duplicator without a single problem.  I continue to be impressed by how well the recorder works.][Update2:  As of 5_23_2013 I've run several spindles of CDs through the duplicator and no rejects.  100% perfect.  This duplicator is everything my old one wasn't.]
It's a nice little case at a fair price, and the seller shipped it super-fast.  However the fact that the case doesn't allow me to insert a headphone jack makes it pretty useless for traveling about.
The product was exactly as described.  It arrived in a timely fashion as advertised.  The refurbished Zune looked like a new one and functions very well.  I am very happy with the product.  The seller delivered as advertised which will certainly encourage me to do business with them again.Zune 80 GB Digital Media Player (Black)
The seller "sellonsellon" is a SCAM artist. I ordered and paid for the product on September 1st and as of October 2nd have not received it. Numerous emails to the seller have gone unanswered. I have asked Amazon to refund my money.
I chose the 5 star rating for this product and seller for the following reasons. The battery arrived within 3 days of order and I really needed the battery. Fit perfectly in my H.P. Pavillon ZV5000 laptop. I have not encountered any problems with this product, so there are no dislikes at this time. Once you followed the directions and charge the battery to 100%, then let it discharge 3 or 4 times, it holds a good charge. I was so happy with the battery, I ordered a second one for a spare.I would definitely recommend this product and seller to Amazon shoppers.Just wanted to add to my earlier review. One of the two batteries I ordered from Digi Espow or Digi Sapphire Co. failed after 38 days. Nick at Digi Espow was so helpful, kind and went out of his way to help me. He is sending a replacement battery. Amazon shopper's can feel confident ordering products from this company knowing they will stand behind their products. I still give them 5 stars, six if I could.
There was no problem with receiving this battery or the packaging or dealing with the seller. The battery charged up okay and appeared to work. Unfortunately, I did not test it long enough to be sure about that. A couple of days after I got it I was doing some things on the laptop and it suddenly clicked off. I restarted the laptop and checked the battery and it showed that it was still fully charged. I ran it again for another short time and it clicked off again. It did this repeatedly and consistently. Whenever the computer was plugged in there was no problem. It was only when it was running on the battery only. Obviously the battery was not putting out enough power for the laptop. I contacted the seller who suggested that I run the battery down to 2% and then recharge it and do this 3 times. I replied that this was going to be difficult in that the laptop never ran for more than about 5 minutes at a time. They responded by arranging for me to return the battery. I have since purchased a different battery and have had no problems with it so I'm certain it was the battery.
SanDisk 8g class4 micro sd really good,works great in all mobile phones and tablets,good speed,100% authentic,Seller I bought it from was CalvinNHobbs is really good shipper,fast shipping,and great product,I am very happy with purchase,works better then same class Samsung sd,which can't be seen by PC sometimes,SanDisk is one of the best!
Received the chip must faster than estimated delivery date, so that was nice. Expected it to include a mobile reader and not the adapter, but instead got the adapter. Not sure what the mobile reader is (SanDisk microSDHC 8GB card ships with Bonus MobileMateTM Micro Reader). My computer read the chip with no problem. Might contact the seller to find out about the mobile reader.Update: contacted the seller via email and received the mobile reader in the mail (along with a 2nd adapter). quick response and responsiveness.
I gave this item a two star rating because ever since I bought it the seller has bugged me weekly for a feedback.Here it is.I don't give a feedback on every single purchase that I make at local retailers so why should I do it online.I leave feedback on major purchases or things that are rare and unusual so the others will know what they are getting into.This is a memory chip that is sold everywhere.Before I'll by from this seller again I'll get off of my lazy *** and drive to Best Buy.
With the Seller fast delivery, ordered on monday got here by friday.Item does come with an adapter to go from microSD to SD, but it does not come with the reader that it shows in some pictures.  Also it's a type 2 sd, not a type 4 which is shown in the pictures, even though the description is correct saying it is type 2 the picture is misleading.I am using this to store pictures and videos on my htc sensation that is related to a certain subject which is fine with me constently taking out the card from the phone.  Probably should have bought a 16 or even a 32, but with the price of the 8gb I can live with this decision.Other than that it works fine with my phone.  If you looking for a lot of memory for cheap this product is good.I only gave it only 4 because the pictures are misleading.
My daughter--a busy MD, mom, photographer-hobbyist--suffered, in the middle of her hectic schedule, the loss of a computer and asked me for a recommendation. Powerbook or iMac? 20" or 24"? Which 20" or 24"? Apple Store or Amazon? After some deliberation and "research" (an overused and abused word by consumers these days for "shopping"), I recommended the recently tweaked and revised iMac 20" 2.66 Ghz for the following reasons:1. Someone with her busy schedule doesn't need to think about dragging a computer on her travels. Her PDA served her well during med school, but now she has to be person-focused at all times. A desktop machine tends to force its owner (like a piano) to make time as well as a work space for the machine, rather than have it constantly serving as a distraction. I would no more allow a notebook computer to replace my desktop machine than an electric piano replace my acoustic model, or a cell phone my regular home phone.2. The 24" model admittedly has acquired glowing reviews from pros and consumers alike and doesn't cost a whole lot more for the extra real estate. But it's a massive screen, not only devouring valuable living room space but threatening to absorb too much of the owner's and the kids' attention, as well as serve as an attractive danger to the prying hands of curious 1 and 3-year-olds. The graphics have a slight advantage over the 20" inch because they display well laterally, but lateral sight lines while good for movies are not what a serious user needs, whether for photography or professional practice. Finally, to make that 24" inch screen work up to its potential, you really need to add costly extras (or pick up the 3Ghz model with a different, more powerful graphics card--being shown at the Apple site but not as yet on Amazon).3. The CLINCHER. I thought the entry-level 2.4Ghz would be more than adequate (it probably is) until I read the most recent reviews at Macworldddotcom. The 2.66Ghz 1. comes with double the Ram (easily and cheaply installed by the user, I'll admit) PLUS 2. a speed boost, 3. a slightly bigger hard drive, and 4. a slightly better video card--for less than $300 more. It didn't require Macworld's pointing out that the 2.66Ghz represents the better value. Moreover, their tests of the two machines revealed that the slightly more expensive machine was actually a greater improvement in terms of speed than its published stats--a mere .266 Ghz increase--would suggest: their testers registered processing times for the 2.66GHz model that were 13% faster than those recorded for the 2.4Ghz model.4. Finally, the choice of seller. In the past I've scrutinized the numbers closely, trying to determine if the deal from Apple Store, even with Educators' Rates and various incentives like free printers, was truly better than Amazon's. At best, the numbers were "close," and were never conclusively in favor of Apple Store. And I've never realized any non-monetary advantages by purchasing Apple products from Apple Store, whereas Amazon has shown its customer-centric colors in my favor on a number of occasions, including my last two computer purchases. Apple Store, on the other hand, has in the past come up short more than once. (They certainly weren't helpful when they kept calling me about purchasing extended service contracts.) Moreover, simply checking out from Apple Store after a purchase amounts to an exercise in self-control because of all the "add-ons" they try to convince you  to purchase before clicking on the "done" button. So once again, I'm giving Amazon the opportunity to disappoint me for the first time.
Love these items for my motorcycles since I can hook up my GPS, cell phone, drink holders, etc... for ease of use... This Seller has reasonable prices and ships immediately so I have bought repeatedly from him and would recommend him to anyone due to his price and service.
The product was easy to install on my 12 Goldwing and allows for me to have my GPS and Iphone at my fingertips while being plugged into accessory port. I would recommend a short arm for the bottom ball and a 2 medium for the top ball. The seller was prompt and the item arrived before it was scheduled.
The seller was kccomputer (fulfilled by Amazon). I purchased it new for 100 bucks.I have owned two Ultra LSP750 power supplies. The fan of one unit periodically made loud grating sounds when I first started my PC; sometimes the noise would go away by itself after several minutes; other times I had to restart my PC to get the noise to stop. Not good.  I returned it.The second unit works well.It was easy to install in my computer case (mid-tower:Zalman ATX Mid Tower Case - Black Z9PLUS), and there are lots of plugs (many more than I needed, which is great if I need to expand in the future).It is made in China. It delivers consistent power.
I had trouble transferring 7 GB worth of photos between computers and decided to buy an 8GB flash drive.  I ordered this on Amazon based on the reviews.  Although it shipped quickly it did take about a week and a half to arrive, but that is USPS' fault, not the seller's.  The flash drive itself is built like a tank, it has a rubber O-ring to seal out water/moisture when it is closed (making it submersible and water resistant/waterproof) and the aluminum extruded shell could probably be run over by a car without damaging the flash drive (literally). It isn't the fastest flash drive that I've ever used, but it is the most durable by far.  Also, it comes with a USB 2.0 extension cord. I can't believe the price--it is a fantastic value as well as a fantastic product.
I bought this mount and there was no installation guide or manual, I have sent at least 6 e-mails to the company and I have not received any response from sales department or customer care, this only means that the company is not serious and they do not care and do not have CUSTOMER CARE, seems that they only want to sell products that does not have enough quality.  It is not easy to install and more "without an installation manual or guide", It took me 5 to 6 hours.  I have a 55 inch sony lcd TV. I had to buy different screws for the back of this TV, because the mount comes with different screws and not the necessary for this model. The mount comes with 4 screws for wood or concrete use, but "4 are not enough"  I put 6 (4 included in the box) and after a week the tv almost fell infront of me, It was a nightmare. I dont think this mount is appropriate for a 55" inch TV and I do not think seller have made enough tests This TV is too heavy for this mount.
I bought this for a 58&#34; TV which weighs 101.5 lbs.  The mount could not support the TV, and it pointed downward towards the floor.The manufacture's paper work which comes with the product, states it has a maximum 55&#34; capacity.I also found other links on the web which also states this modal has a 55&#34; TV max capacity.When i complain to seller about manufacture's documented max size not matching seller's description of (32-65&#34;), the seller stated that newer TV's are lighter, and that the manufacture set the 55&#34; limit based on older heavier TV's.I looked around to see if I could find a new 65&#34; TV online with weight specification of less then 101.5 pounds, and I could not find any.This leads me to conclude that this mount can not support 65&#34; TV.This product is not even listed in the Cheetah main web site anymore, and I have to believe it's not listed because it doesn't even meet the 55&#34; maximum size requirement, let alone 65&#34;.Don't buy this unless you like giving away your money.
I was very excited to purchase this item being the price was amazing and two because the reviews seemed amazing.  I was definitely WRONG.  The biggest thing is do not use the bubble level that is in the mount.  I used it to level wall plate and got the bubble as perfect as you can get it for a bubble level.  I then stood back and it looked crooked so I check the bubble again and it was dead center.  I got out my level I have at home and it was completely off.  I then used the small level that came with the package and same thing.  The mount was totally crooked even though the bubble was dead center.After removing the mount and calling it a night out of frustration with all the useless very large holes in my wall I looked at the plate where the tv is screwed onto the mount and it is also crooked, slanting downward on the right side.  So even if I would have mounted the wall plate correctly, once the tv was put on it would have been crooked.I am very displeased with this product.  I would give it zero stars if I could.  I have emailed the seller with pictures and I will update on the response.BEWARE OF PRODUCTUPDATEThey called me the very next day after I sent them a message through amazon.  So great customer service there.  They told me many of their customers who purchased this product had the exact same problem and they have fixed it.  The reason this product came with an extra bubble level is because the one on the mount doesn't work correctly.  I was able to fix the drooping on the tv plate and it has been up for a couple days without any problem.  I own a 55 inch samsung tv.  Other than the bubble level the mount itself is a good product.  Its a little hard moving it in and out, but I put some oil on the hinges and it slides a lot smoother.The seller offered me 20 dollars towards my next purchase with them.  I wish I could have gotten a discount, but they said that was not possible since the product was fulfilled through Amazon and not directly through them.  Customer service was quick and the product does what it is supposed to.  Just be careful of installation leveling with a separate level.UPDATE: Three months later and I am pretty happy with the wall mount.  After the fiasco the mount has functioned and held up to what it is supposed to do.  The arms seem really strong.  We pull the tv off the wall constantly to turn it towards the dining area.  It is a little difficult to pull the tv out, but I just have to keep putting grease on it and it fixes the problem.
Any company that sells products requiring assembly should have the decency to include better instructions than the simple line drawings that came with this unit. There are no pictures other than those on the seller's website and no video or any other type of instructions at the manufacturers site. Instead of a free level with this product they should have sent a crystal ball so those of us who are not professional installers have a clue. There is no parts list or diagram identifying the mystery parts that don't look the drawings. Nuts and bolts were not bagged and were rolling around loose in the box-fortunately there aren't a lot of parts. I can usually assemble things on my own with few problems but this is not acceptable for a product that otherwise appears to very well built. Get it together Cheetah with better instructions I would have gladly given this mount four stars.
I purchased a DLO Jam Jacket about a month ago and I have found that I use this case much more than the Belkin Folio I purchased at the same time.Belkin Leather Folio for iPod touch (Black/Chocolate)This DLO case combined with a screen protector is very versatile and secure.  I love being able to wrap up my headphones right on the back of the case.  The only reason I gave this product a 4 instead of 5 is that the cover, while it fits snuggly enough, the silicone just feels a little thin and loose at some points and leaves you feeling like it isn't as protective as it could be.  With any case look around for the best price.  Even on the same site it can vary drastically by seller.
I had a similar product that only lasted about 6 months and then stopped working. Of coarse it was right out of the warrantee when it failed, So not wanting to make the same mistake, I purchased two of these. One for my wife's pc and one for mine. But when I got them, they would fit the slots. So I tried to return them. The seller would not take them back and because of the wording in the description, Amazon would not help.  So, I still have two perfectly new cards just sitting around.I did find a USB wide, dual band dongle that works great. But because it is USB stick sort of thing, it sticks out and was constantly getting bumped (I use a laptop). Knowing that something was going eventually break, I found a 6 inch extension to connect it. The problem being that I could only find a USB 2.0 6 inch extension cable. So I'm continually getting a &#34;device could run faster&#34; warning. I'm still looking for a 3.0 USB pigtail. I have a hard plastic right angle 3.0 adapter coming from china that I hope will solve my problem. But I digress.Bottom line, this may work great for you, but be absolutely sure it will fit your PC slot. Because you likely won't be able to return it for a refund. Sorry this is not a very god product review as I never got to try it. As it turns out, it is me griping about the seller not being willing to take the products back after my mistake.
This was the last piece of my gigabit network upgrade. Works like a charm with speeds up to 230 Mbps on the 5GHz band. Not the 300 as promised by the hype, but for a wireless device thru two walls not too shabby.Normally with network adapters I simply insert the device (against the instructions) and wait for Windows to ask for the driver. This eliminates having to install the usually crappy software and lets Windows configure the device. That didn't work for this one. The CD offered an on-screen option to install only the driver and not the software. Nice touch that other companies should follow.My experience with the seller was nothing short of extraordinary. Ordered the product on Sunday, with delivery scheduled for Friday. Package arrived on Tuesday and was up and running in 30 minutes. The hard part was getting it out of the box.
These are the best sounding ear buds I've ever owned and the price was amazing.  I read the reviews about people having problems but I decided to take a chance anyway because the price was so good.  The microphone stopped working within a week but the seller was GREAT about responding quickly and replacing them very fast.  The customer service I received from "128headphones" was the best I've ever received.  128headphones will make it right if you give them a chance.
I took the advise from one reviewer and bought from J&R because they supposedly don't sell inferior quality counterfeit.  The reported problems with the counterfeit were loud, terrible booming scratches when the cord is bumped.  I bought with confidence that the head phones I received would be awesome.  They weren't.  I have the deafening booming scratching when I bump the cord.  And not only that, but the right ear was only at half the volume of the left!  The sound from the right ear is low, muffled and smeared, is the only way I can describe it.  I tried everything, adjusting the sound levels, adjusting the volume, and switching to other ear phones to see if perhaps I had some hearing loss in my right ear!  No - its the head phones.  I sent two emails to the seller complaining about the defective product I received, but heard nothing.  I should have bought from amazon.  Their customer service is great, and I would have had a solution in no time.  With so many other great reviews, I truly hope I simply got a defective pair.  I hate the thought that good products, and reputable sellers, might be tarnished with counterfeit parts.  As for why I didn't get a response from the seller on my defective parts, I don't know.  I feel ignored and cheated.  I spent money on these and can't bear to use them.
I received my reader a week ago and couldn't be happier!!  Not only is it a great way to read books, but also, Sony is a very professional company to work with!  There software for the reader is extremely easy to use and simplier than itunes!!I purchased this to just read popular books and the Sony Ebook website has a great assortment of popular and best seller books.  The price on new release books is a little high - but just wait and they become reduced to a price that doesn't hurt your wallet!Of course this is perfect for me as I live on a sailboat in the Virgin Islands and room to store a ton of books is very limited.Just to let every understand, if you don't want your battery to run down go into advanced settings and shut your reader down completely!!!  This keeps the battery up and ready when you are!
Good seller good product.  Haven't had any problems, and good price at the time.
----------------Update as of Jun 21, 2009Only pdf's that have no formatting can be read on this e-reader.I downloaded some pdf files (Algorithms in Java, CCNA etc) and except at the smallest magnification, the formatting breaks down at M and L fonts (even M strains the eye; only L is practically readable for pdfs). So I guess I am going to limit reading only fiction and MS word files on this e-reader. I am looking at the Kindle DX for PDF files, but it seems the DX does not let you zoom in. I think that may be a deal-breaker for the DX. I have never been able to read pdfs at exactly 100% magnification. Even on my 20" LCD monitor, I tend to read at 135%. So until there is a reader the size of DX that allows zooming, it may be better to wait and just use the PC to read pdfs).----------------I bought the PRS-505 through an Amazon re-seller about a month ago (blazing fast delivery as usual). Some pros and cons of the reader.Pros:1) sleek and just about right to hold and read. Anything thinner would need support. Anything bigger (wider/taller) would make it hard to read holding up with one hand.2) text appears sharper than LCD. e-ink results in almost no strain to the eye.3) power button positioned on top, so it doesn't accidentally trip on. Other buttons are stiff and, again, will not get pushed accidentally.4) the reader mounts as a drive on XP/Wink2K. Easy to drag and drop encrypted books, and by extension, easy to back up and restore your books if you were to move PCs or change flash cards.5) sony e-book library is basic and does its job without crashes (had one hang). Again, I like the drag and drop built into it. Buy a book, drag it to the library and/or drag it to the e-reader. Files transfer quickly (std USB 2.0 i/f?).6) book selection is not great, but then it is not a problem limited to the sony library. I couldn't find some older popular books on Amazon kindle either (eg: Chaos by James Gleick, none of the books by Ayn Rand or daphne du maurier, very limited Roald Dahl selection, very limited Frederick Forsythe collection etc etc etc). 99% of the books you would 'typically' want to read are available on both. I guess more and more books are getting digitized as we speak.7) pictures are fantastic on the available grayscale. Good if you are reading technical books with illustrations.8) This is the item that actually prompted me to write this review today. When I bought the reader I was horribly disappointed with the pdf rendering. The only available magnifications were S and M, and M was still unreadably small. Yesterday when I hooked up the PRS-505 to my PC, it downloaded some firmware updates, including some for pdf rendering. When I re-loaded my pdfs (these are computer books, with code samples in Courier font), the rendering was amazing - like night and day. They have made the font smoother and above all else, the text is much much bigger and completely readable now! Very happy about this (since a lot of text books are now available in pdf format).9)Page transitions, orientation changes (landscape to portrait) happen fairly fast. Landscape rendering is as good as portrait.10) metallic construction feels 'solid'. The leather (pseudo?) cover that ships by default is nice.Cons:1) the battery seems to drop even when I had it powered off for a few days. The 3 bar fell to two in 2-3 days. Not sure if this is expected.2) the page buttons should've been bigger. Even though I am right handed, I tend to use the left page buttons as they are bigger.3) response times are slow when you are moving around the menu. Sometimes you think you did not press a button, press it again, only to find the menu jump ahead. There is a little 'wait-cursor' at the bottom, but its not obvious when its 'working'.4) not limited to the sony e-reader, e-ink is still not the same as paper. On printed paper, every letter is smooth. On the e-reader, while the font on e-books (MS-WORD is 96% ok, PDF 90% ok - my own arbitrary scaling!) is pretty good, the ones on RSS feeds feels scrappy - you can see some letter-thickening and 'steps' (jaggedness) around curves. Another con is that the screen surface, although dull, does reflect light and at times I find myself holding it away at an angle.Overall strongly recommended.
It's been my experience that this wont read all the MicroSDs that can fit in it. It seems to change from being recognized to making your PC ask for a format (when none is needed) as you change to the larger/faster MicroSDs. The seller should advertise its limits or compatibility because it obviously can't handle the whole spectrum.
This product is NOT a Sandisk product.  It's probably a &#34;Ho Chi Minh&#34; special.  It is of VERY poor quality and the entire thing is made of plastic (including the part that fits into your computer).  I'm sure that there's SOME metal inside of it, but none that is visible.  After using it for a month or so I will follow up with this review, but as of right now I'm very disappointed with the item.  The fact that the seller lied about the brand of the product isn't acceptable.  Amazon needs to step up in situations like this and remove them from their market.  My suggestion to anyone looking to buy one of these items is to look elsewhere.  Radio Shack has a GENUINE Sandisk reader for $10.99.  It's worth the extra money to get a good quality product.
The item arrived in good time for the free shipping. It arrived via USPS mail with a 64 cent stamp on it. The seller's return policy says that defective items with free shipping can be returned for $6 to cover shipping. This item was $2.68 including free shipping, which apparently cost them only 64 cents. So I'm a little worried they're going to try to collect the rest of that $6 from me.A working microSD card inserted into the device didn't show up on any of my USB ports. When I moved the device to another computer, it showed up as needing to be formatted. When I plug the microSD card into an SD converter and then into my own SD card reader, it reads fine.So the reader is junk. It wasn't worth the $2.68 I paid.
Seller stated that they are Red/Black.  They are actually Gray/Black.  Not sure if this is a different model than advertised.  I ordered 3 and all of them seem to work just fine.  The seller also stated that they come with lanyards.  Without the lanyards, they are hard to remove from a computers USB port.  They did not come with lanyards even though the description listed them.  Amazon credited me the difference for the missing lanyards...
When I originally ordered this product, I received an incorrect power adapter.  It was a generic Chinese device with a short power cord (approximately 44&#34; long).  I contacted the seller, and they immediately shipped the correct genuine Yamaha PA-150 AC Power Adapter at their expense.  (They did not even want the original adapter returned.)  The PA-150 is exactly as described on the Amazon website, including the 8' 4&#34; power cord, which was important to me.  It is UL listed; and even though it is made in China, as most of these electronic devices are, hopefully it has undergone more stringent quality testing than the cheaper generic devices.The PA-150 works perfectly with my Yamaha YPG-235 Keyboard, and I would order this same AC power adapter again even though it is somewhat more expensive than some other &#34;generic&#34; brands.
I bought the thing to replace a previous Loc8tor. Extra tags are very expensive so I bought the new unit to re-use the same tags. ($$$$$$)(The units are identical) I wish I had known ahead of time that the tags for the old one wouldn't work! A representative of Loc8tor told me that you have to un-register the old tag before you can re-register it with the new unit.  But if the old one is in pieces in your hand because it is cheaply made, it's kind of tough. So, throw out any used tags. ($$$$) The new unit itself is made EXACTLY the same as the old one and has problems turning off the unit with the slide mechanism. To be fair, the original Loca8tor worked well for me but the things I need to find are stationary like keys and cameras unlike some of the advertised uses. I'm just ticked at having to buy all new tags for it and the fact that it doubled in price in a little over a year.  WAY too much money.Since I wrote the above, the LCD screen failed in the new six month old unit.  I sent it back to the seller for repair.  NINE MONTHS later, I get an email from them saying the manufacturer doesn't repair screens and it is a total loss and I HAVE TO BUY A NEW ONE!!!!!  FAT CHANCE!!! Anybody want some unused Loc7tor tags?  I am done throwing away money with these people.
First - no issues at all with seller.  Fast shipping, and package in good condition.  Next - no issues with basic installation. Used a stud-finder to find the stud (wasn't where I hoped - but not a product issue), and bolted it to the wall.  The 2 problems came at this point.  You either have to hold the TV in the air while bolting the back portion into the stud, or while bolting the TV to the bracket. There should be a connecting/disconnecting point between the 2.  However, got past that with some help (since the TV has to be under 30 lbs anyhow).  Here came the next problem - my TV weighs ~20 lbs. The final "swivel", regardless of how much I tighten it - slips.  I've tried at least 15-20 times.  One side, and the the other (with the enclosed L wrench). After a few tries, I thought I would tighten/tilt/tighten/tilt, etc.  It seemed to hold - until the next morning when the TV was facing the floor.  I then got an extender to give the L wrench a little more torque.  Tried to tighten - nope.  Tried the tighten/tilt/tighten/tilt all over again and it worked... until the next morning when the TV was facing the floor again.  It's coming down now.
Haven't used this product from this seller yet but have used this product before and these look perfect so I'm giving them 5 stars because I looked them over well.  Packaged well.  Thanks for a great product I couldn't find my local store, and thanks to Amazon for another great item in their product line!
Do not imagine that just because Amazon fulfills this product for the seller that the product may be superior.  Amazon doesn't inspect the quality of the product, they simply store the box of cases and ship when an order is placed.  Granted, Amazon ships them in a sturdy outer box in addition to the seller's inner box, but that is only a minor plus--as simply opening the individual dvd cases makes their binding split.Luckily, I wasn't expecting a lot as I ordered single dvd cases in the past.  However, I was quite surprised to find the plastic covers of these cases to be even thinner (if that is possible) than the single dvd cases I previously ordered.  All of these cases (single and double) are made in China, but obviously there are some differences between the factories quality and/or standards.  You have cheap quality, "I will break and split if you open me more than once," and you have, "Look only, do not open at all," quality.  These are the latter.  (plus ten of the bindings had chunks missing from their edges before I even touched them--they were inside the cases.)Seriously, I'd skip these and buy some you can see and touch from a brick and mortar store.
I have purchased double cases before from Amazon but found these for a few dollars less.  I really thought they were the same case but just sold by a different seller.  When they came.  The spines would crack and break the first time you opened the case all the way flat to insert the artwork in the sleeve.  The plastic artwork cover is also glued poorly sometimes not leaving enough space for the sheet.  Some of the cases wouldn't snap closed either.  Just poor quality.
As you can see I ordered this item thinking I would receive a bargain from Amazon even with the shipping. But that was not the case. dbRoth sold this item through Amazon. Below is what I ended up paying for this item:$19.19Items$8.12 Estimated shipping & handling$27.31Total before tax$0.00Estimated tax to be collected$27.31Estimated order totalIt took several days to receive this order as advertised...&#34;ALFA Network 1000mW AWUS036H High Power Wireless G 802.11g WiFi USB Adapter with 5dBi Antenna plus Suction cup Window Mount&#34;. It arrived in good packaging and was easy to set up. This item made a real difference in my reception. At least a 75% improvement! So far, great product. My dislike is that it did not come with the Suction cup Window Mount.When dbRoth sent me an email making sure I was satisfied, I checked out the item on their web site and found that had I ordered directly from them, I would have received the complete package for $25.00 with FREE SHIPPING and 24 hour service. ---So had I done my research I could have received the item quicker, cheaper and intact by checking with the supplier/seller before going for that marked own price on Amazon. You just may save some big bucks when ordering smaller orders.
The Wifi adapter that came with my pc is total trash, not to mention the wifi adapter on my XBOX 360 slim. Thankfully this product solved that problem. it is plug and play on the XBOX 360 slim and for Windows PCs up to Windows 7 there is a driver disc. My PC is Windows 8 Pro upgraded from Windows 7 Ultimate, so the driver disc is not compatible. However it is plug and play and works seamlessly (I can only speak for those who have upgraded to 8 from 7. That is your warning everybody who just have windows 8 flat out. There are issues I hear for you, call their technical support for more information and perhaps a solution). I didn't have to, but I upgraded the antenna to a +9dBi 15" Booster Antenna. it gets great signal even if you don't do this, I am just a power junkie! All in all it was a great purchase and it arrived early, which is why I easily give the seller and the product 5 stars.
DBROTH is a reputable seller. I have purchased the Alfa AWUS036H from them previously and was always happy with the Alfa products from them. Recently, I needed to acquire another WiFi adapter from them -- only it was now made in China instead of Taiwan. Also, the name  was changed from Alfa to Sabrent.This new adapter no longer carries a light to indicate that it's working. OK, that's not a big deal. So I hooked the Sabrent up to my computer and it worked just fine. Software installed without problem. Everything looked great. And then  . . .  It stopped working!  It had only worked for a week. Nothing had changed in my setup; everything was exactly the same. Then nothing. NADA. Zilch. Nogo. No matter what I did or tried, the darn thing just wouldn't work.I don't have a very high opinion of Chinese manufacturing at this point . . .  I'm very disappointed!
I've found this WiFi Adapter to be superior to all the other I've tried and I have tried several others. I've purchased more than one of these and found the quality and range to be consistent. The smart antenna connector design (RP-SMA type with threads on the outside and a prong sticking out in the middle) makes for easy removal of the antenna so you can use a higher gain directional antenna of your choosing. If sticking with an omnidirectional antenna, I recommend buying the unit with the longer 9db Rubber Antenna (some units on Amazon are sold with this higher gain antenna for a few dollars more).Now if the seller would only STOP shipping by Fedex SmartPost (which isn't smart by the way, and typically adds 2 to 4 days to the delivery time), all would be well. My only complaint is with the shipping method used. Fedex Smartpost delivers the package to your local post office, which in my case is only 3 miles away. Yet it takes my local post office 2 to 4 days to make the delivery to my residence from there. This isn't a one-time happening, it's always the case with Fedex Smartpost or a similar shipping method employed by other carriers where they hand the package off to the USPS for the actual delivery. The delivery delays caused by this shipping method gives both the U.S. Postal Service and Fedex (and other carriers) a bad name.
I was totally satisfied with the seller. I had problems with the charger. When I went to the seller and explained, a new one was sent out without hesitation.
seller is fraud. They sell fake products.
I needed this to mount a 32" TV with VESA 200 x 200 pattern and this did that very well, pretty thick metal and all the bolts and washers you will need are included.Mounted to a wall stud without problems,  great that you can bolt the plate to the back of the TV and then one person can hang it on the mount arm.  At least a 32" size.I think your best bet is the VideoSecu 1AZ kit as it is same as this one but includes the extender brackets to cover all VESA sizes up to 400 x 400 and is same price as of this posting.According to Amazon customer service, this does not come with the HDMI cable you might see on product pages photo details and they will correct the mistake ASAPUpdate 02/23/2014;Seems it is difficult to know just what you will get for part number or if included cable and bubble level is in box.  Product pictured keeps changing along with part number on same page and included HDMI cable and level seem to come and go in the offer.  Some people have recieved the cable and some have not.I did not get a cable with mine, and was told later after asking, thatit did not come with the mount even though the photo indicated that it did...  then that photo was removed but now showing the offer for free HDMI cable once again.  (as of this date)  so if you need the extras, be sure to ask the seller what you will get in package before you buy.  Still a good mount, but some confusion over the free items they include or don't include.
I just bought a Samsung 32&#34; TV for a high corner of our kitchen. It was easy to mount and adjust. The seller was very fast to respond to a mounting question and sent a PDF copy for me on mounting instructions to be sure I understood; it was a tricky mount. This was $40 less expensive than Costco's mount, and came with more. Packaged well and not excessively. Heavy but cheap, 2-day ship with Prime. I recommend, great price and sturdy, would buy again, and I hope this helps someone.
This wall mount is very good quality and easy to install.  The only issue I had with this product is that I did not receive the bubble level with the wall mount as stated in the product description.  It's a 5 star product if it actually came as described by the seller.
These are NOT cheap crap!  This is quality thick steel and the seller sends all the hardware one could possibly use (and then some!!!!).I've purchased a lot of these wall mounts in the past (I'm old) and can say only one thing about these really:Awesome...simply awesomeThanks VideoSecu!
This arrived and we were ready to mount our 32" TV in our display window before a big downtown event.  We found out this mount will only take up to 19" TV's unless you spend another $14 bucks plus $10 shipping, so $24 in all to get the VESA mounts to mount larger TVs.  That was not told in the description it says up to 42" TVs which is a TOTAL LIE.  The seller is dishonest about their product and I will never order from them again.  I run a successful business and its done by excellent customer service and telling people up front what they are getting, not LYING TO THEM TO MAKE MONEY.I am demanding the $24 dollars back I had to pay to get the VESA mount, if its not refunded my company will put a lien on this company.
This arrived on time (2 days actually) and in very good shape.  The box was H-U-G-E and protected it well.Can't comment as to the antenna, waiting on the radio tune now...I expect this will be outstanding setup._____________________________________________________________10/17/2012Well, not so good.  After installing this antenna, it blew out the final stage of my CB unit.  Totally fried the setup.  And yes, it was setup correctly.  Very disappointed as now I have to get another unit.  I'm moving on to another antenna.  NOte that this is not a seller problem, but rather a product problem.
The mount that I recieved does not fit my TomTom ONE Mogel 130. It's too small. I contacted the seller MountGuys and they said this particular mount is for an older model TomTom ONE. The particular model 130 TomTom ONE that I have has a round speaker on the back side and requires a larger round sized mount holder. Be sure to contact the seller MountGuys FIRST before you make a purchase. They will make sure you get the perfect sized mount. They are sending me the correct sized round mount holder at no charge and I don't even have to return the one I purchased. Great customer service!UPDATE 5/13/13: I just recieved the correct round mount holder today. It fits the TomTom ONE Model 130 and existing windshield/dash mount arm perfectly. The correct model number for the complete round holder, windshield mount arm and dash mount is ARKON model number TTEP115 and can be ordered on Amazon at:ARKON TTEP115 TomTom EasyPort Windshield / Dash Mount. If you already have the ARKON windshield/dash mounting arm and want to change just the small retangular holder with the larger round holder, you can order the round holder only which is ARKON part number APTTEP on Amazon at:APTTEP: TomTom One 130, 130-s; XL 330, 330-S Adapter Plate (Dual T Compatible). You can also order either direct from MountGuys at: mountguys dot com.
The seller NEVER replies my e-mail. I made an order, then within 15 minutes after I made an order I contact the seller through e-mail to change the shipping address. Instead of sending it to my new address, the seller never gets back to me. Terrible communication. Slow shipping. Bad seller. End of story.
I tried to purchase a power supply from Chucklist and the experience is terrible. I ordered a power supplyCorsair CMPSU-750TX 750-Watt TX Series 80 Plus Certified Power Supply compatible with Intel Core i7 and Core i5for my PC (because the previous one went bad) on the 17th February 2012 expecting it to be delivered quickly like most other items I ordered. Some time later I decided to check for the delivery date and found that it was scheduled to reach my address on 27th February 2012, and thought to myself; "that's a long time" but since it was already about the 22nd I decided to wait. On the 26th I saw that the item had not yet been shipped. So I decided to ask Chucklist what the holdup was, only to realize that there was a new delivery date of 13th March 2012, I found this to be unacceptable, I could order a car from China and freight it by sea and get it faster than the power supply. I decided to cancel the order on the 27th February 2012, so that I could get the item from another (better) seller, but on 29th February 2012, I am still awaiting word of the cancellation.
There are 4 versions/generations of the tx750.  make sure you request the latest generation 4 PSU. Gen1-3 had problems.  Gen 4 is apparently better.  You will have PROBLEMS with Generations 1-3.  The gen 4 supply is NOT titled "generation 4" on the website.  Make sure you request the latest part number (that you can find on their website).  But you have to make sure you get it.  I bought a generation 3 one, and Corsair did a free RMA with free shipping back to them and sent me generation 4 (as long as you do it within 30 days of purchase).  EMAIL YOUR SELLER B4 YOU PURCHASE and make sure they have generation 4 version!  It is NOT the V2 supply. UPDATE: I just got version 4...the latest one...and guess what?  It too is bad!!!  Corsair is sending me ANOTHER PSU under RMA.  This will be my THIRD ONE NOW.  I think the TX line is just simply faulty.  Time to discontinue this line Corsair.  Ok...got the replacement now....COIL WHINE AGAIN!!!! OH MY GOD!!!!
The Amazon seller says NOTHING about the 3-foot maximum, although, okay I should have heeded the reviews better, I suppose.I'd planned to use this with a FireStik trunk lip mount, FireFlex/FireRing cable, another manufacturer's quick disconnect, and a 4-foot tunable FireStik antenna. Let's disregard the disconnect for now.  I'm still disappointed.If I'm correctly reading the limited guidance at FireStik's site (lots of verbiage, some of it helpful, but not much in the way of basic assembly info and no photos), I'm supposed to put an additional split washer in the assembly.  No washer was included, and the package has no instructions or diagram. I'm guessing an ordinary washer from the hardware store will soon rust.  Hope I can get stainless.I can't bend the spring by hand (antenna hasn't arrived yet), so will have to see how it does on the car at speed.  I may just wind up &#34;installing&#34; this spring in my toolbox.
The converter the seller sent me was a "Sabrent" brand, not "VideoSecu".I wanted to watch streaming video from my newer laptop on my older CRT TV, so I ordered this.  It works great.  The image quality is equivalent to watching a DVD.  My computer automatically detected the correct resolution for this converter.The connection is kind of messy with 3 or 4 cables to be connected, but at least the box is small and there is no AC adapter to plug in.TIP:  If the image quality is bad, or you get a line moving across your TV screen (like I did), try adjusting the refresh rate in your monitor settings higher to 75 hz. or so.  Another reviewer suggested this and it worked for me.
I bought this for a uverse receiver under a mounted TV. I didn't want to buy the higher dollar one, since this was just in our Master and not a game room or family room TV.The installation wasn't bad, but the screws and anchors provided were pretty terrible, did not fit right at all. And they provided stud screws, but no screws for the dry wall anchors... weird...The reason I gave this a 3, is because it's not a typical wall mount like I'm used to seeing in the higher price range, where they have a place to feed wires through. This one has no place for that, so the wires will be off the side, shown above it or below it.If you don't care about a little showing its a not a big deal, I didn't really mind that much.The BIGGEST reason I gave this a 3 star, is because one of the arms that are supposed to hold the device is bent down a bit, so the device that sits on it is not totally level, which is a bit irritating. Over all I'm semi-satisfied with it. The seller themselves were great, fast response, fast shipment, so nothing against them.
I read a lot of reviews about this product (and others) and decided to try this one based on the cheap price. If it didn't work - I'm not out a huge amount of money. If it did work - I could talk about what a great deal I got. Well, I did get it to work and it did do what the seller claims so I guess all is good. Before you buy this device yourself, I would caution you to be prepared for some serious seat-time before you can achieve (partial or self-negotiated) satisfaction. The driver that was sent on the included CD probably works fine for something but not for this device. It took scouring the internet and reading many forums, following dead links, phony files, trying several drivers and PC settings before I finally found one that allowed my device to capture video. I actually captured the audio at the same time but the external speaker was dead while capturing video. It was something that I had to come to terms with in order to complete this ordeal. I finally pulled the video I needed off the VHS tape and stored it on my hard drive for editing. That was all I bought this for. Whew! I guess you could say it was worth it. Right? Of course, (disclaimer)actual results may vary on your device.
The first unit I got was dead on arrival.  Contacted the manufacturer via e-mail (not the seller) and after numerous failed attempts to revive the DOA unit was sent a brand new unit which arrived overnight.  The only drawback was I had to send back the DOA unit at my own expense.
Item charged for well over a week, after I received it. Pulled AC plug today to see how long a 32" Samsung TV would stay on. Got just over 10 minutes before battery died. No warning battery was dying/dead. TV just went blank. My old APC Battery backup unit was a 350ma. Got well over 15 minutes on it before battery died plus I had a warning-of contineous beeps as battery was dying. Don't waste your money on this piece of garbage. APC usually has great units. But not this model. Gave it a one star because it did't die immediately when I pulled the ac plug. Then, to add insult to injury, they dropped the price from a couple of weeks ago. Maybe the seller realizes it is a piece of junk also. It would have been nice if an invoice had been included with the shipment. No invoice enclosed. Just the boxed APC unit.
Works right out of the box! Bought this to supplement an SDHC memory card. Although my digital camera supported SDHC, the internal card reader of my laptop was not compatible with SDHC despite software updates and enhancements to support SDHC. The moment I installed this on my laptop, it immediately recognized it and started downloading the pictures from the SDHC card. Its very handy and its fast too! It is USB 2.0 and can be used with a regular SD, MMC, and MicroSD (regular & high capacity). Nothing to complain about. It has a light indicator to let you know that you are connected with your PC. Overall, a wonderful experience with this product and the seller (eforcity). I highly recommend this if you have a PC that is not compatible with SDHC.
Purchased one of these last week. Unit has a cracked case from the LED to the SDHC card slot. Contacted seller for replacement, good response, sent new unit arrived today. This unit does not work at all, no LED, windows does not recognize, this has a very small crack same place, USB connector appears corroded. Amazon should pull these if they are that bad. Just asked for replacement working unit or money refunded!Wish Amazon had no stars for reviews.Will keep you posted when seller contacts me.This unit was sold bt eTECH, maybe other companys are better.***Update**** Did receive refund from eTECH
Pros:works with my 2nd generation nanoEasy to set up (e.g. the clock was already set)Sound is okCons:My only complaint is that not all Apple music devices are compatible with the ih9, and it was not very easy to determine what models it is compatible with.  For example, here's what various sources say:ihomeaudio.com: "The iHome iH9 is compatible with all the latest iPod models, and includes inserts for the 3rd generation Nano, iPod Touch and iPhone."Amazon.com: "Compatibility: iPod mini; iPod 4G, 5G, 5.5G, 6G; iPod nano 1G, 2G; iPod touch"TigerDirect.com (Amazon seller): "Not compatible with 3rd generation or earlier iPods."ih9 product manual: "iH9 cannot control 1st or 2nd generation iPod or iPod shuffle."Some of these are sources are simply wrong, others provide vague information. My feeling is that all Apple music devices should work with this system (ipod, iphone, itouch).It didn't come with an insert for my ipod 2nd generation nano (Fortunately, my nano came with an insert that works with this system.)Plus, it was difficult to determine what version my ipod nano was.  I found a useful support document by doing an internet search for "Identifying iPod models"My recommendation is to try your your music device with the ih9 before buying one online.
The shipping was on time, iirc, but unfortunately the battery itself worked only intermittently at first, charging, but not showing up in the battery power meter as charging, that kinda thing, not charging until I plugged and unplugged the adapter a few times, and then stopped working altogether. The computer would shut off immediately upon unplugging it.In as much as the return policy of the seller requires me to pay for the shipping of the 'supposedly defective item' in order to get a replacement, I opted for a refund thru Amazon, which entails a few clicks, printing a label, and taping it to the original box that I thankfully saved.Other batteries from this seller may work fine, but this experience and the return policy putting the burden on the customer to pay for shipping makes me wary of doing business with them, personally.
We are leaving for a month long trip to Europe soon and this will organize each days/places photo card.  The small individual plastic boxes the cards generally come in protect the cards but not easy to do any organization.  This seller was prompt and the package arrived quickly and merchandise exactly as described.
So I'm not sure exactly what I was expecting from a cheap mechanical switch keyboard but I was hoping for something more satisfying than a standard membrane keyboard typing experience and it was not. If you love mechanical switching keyboards sadly it looks like you will still have to spend the astronomical prices in order to get a decent keyboard. Needless to say I returned it. The seller of this was....okay. Nice enough, fast enough, but a 15% restocking fee on a keyboard? Please, pass on this.
I had a mouse like this and liked it so much that I bought another. The product is great, arrived in perfect condition and honest seller. Recommend.
These speakers are the best speakers I have ever owned that connected to a computer. The sound quality is excellent and the volume is tremendous without distortion. They are very sleek and stylish and are digital. They were not expensive at all. I love them. If you are looking for stylish, quality sound speakers, then these are the ones for you. I am estatic about these speakers. They arrived right on time. Packaged well. No scrathes, absolutely perfect condition. Couldn't be happier. Check this seller out! They will be getting alot of my business. Great job guys!!  A++++
I received my product approximately 3 business days after placing my order, item came brand new, packaged in bubble wrap with everything intact.  Love the product, very appreciative of the professionalism displayed by the seller.  I give my thanks and I would definitely use this vender again.
I needed a weatherproof and better antenna than the one that came with the Sprint Airave 2.5G femtocell.  I was able to use this indoor and got positive GPS lock almost instantly whereas with the sprint airave antenna I got no lock.  The connector has a 90 degree bend (unlike the picture which shows a straight-through connector) but plugs in and works fine.  The seller shipped this too quickly for Amazon to even track!  Got it in 2 days with standard shipping.
Update December 2010:DO NOT leave this plugged into the GPS for extended periods when not being used.It consumes a small amount of power, and will flatten the GPS's internal battery within a few days.  There was an even worse problem in one of my cars which was not used for several weeks.  It left the car battery TOTALLY flat when it and the GPS were left plugged-in to an un-switched 12v outlet (even though the GPS was switched off).I still rate this item as ***** (5 stars) - now that I know how to easily avoid a flat car battery.  Just unplug it!!!  All 5 antennae I have bought are still working fine (as is my now-ancient Nuvi 350).Update December 2009:I continue to be impressed and bought 2 more to give as gifts.  AND No! I have no personal interest in the company (unfortunately).  Improves speed of signal acquisition in myGarmin n&uuml;vi 765/765T 4.3-Inch Bluetooth Portable GPS Navigator with Traffic- especially noticeable when the GPS has not been been used for many days.  Again, thoroughly recommended.----------Update April9 2009:I was so pleased with this item that I bought 2 more so that they are permanently installed on my cars.----------I came across this item while browsing Amazon for reviews on new GPS.  I needed to replace my 30 month old Nuvi 350 which was non-functioning - displaying the dreaded "Cannot Acquire Satellites" error message.  The 2 reviews on this antenna both stated that its use had resolved this issue.  Further investigation confirmed similar results with other comparable antennae.I had returned a Nuvi 750 because its performance was inferior to the 350.  Seeing that the cost of both the antenna and shipping was minimal I decided that I did not have much to lose by ordering one.When it arrived, I connected it to my 350 and dumped them both on the passenger seat. - My hopes were high but my expectations were low.In a very short time I noticed that my old 350 (previously destined for the garbage) was now fully functional.  Further investigation revealed that signal strength is far higher that it had previously been.  Signal acquisition is also very much quicker.The antenna itself measures 1-3/4" x 1-3/8 x 9/16", has a 10' 1/8" diam. cord and has a powerful magnet for easy routing and exterior attachment.  Since I am getting such good signal strength, I shall probably place it permanently above the dash where it will attract less unwelcome interest.My other pleasant surprise was that it had arrived in Maine (from Texas) 3 days after placing my order.When I finally replace my Nuvi 350, it (and this antenna) will continue to be used in our second car.  My new GPS (maybe 765?) will be ordered along with a second antenna - hopefully from the same seller (if not Amazon.com itself).One caveat:The antenna's plug could be improved.  It is tiny and difficult (very hard on finger nails) to remove.  I plan to attach a more substantial grip (maybe a 1/2" diameter plastic disc or similar shape) using epoxy glue to eliminate this minor problem.This is not enough of a problem to reduce my 5-star rating.FYI:The Nuvi has a direct connection for an antenna rather than through its quick-disconnect mount (a design upgrade would be a major improvement!!!) therefore this item must be unplugged whenever removing the GPS.
i'm just thankful this person hadn't taken my $ yet. i ordered these headphones a WEEK ago (the headphones themselves are very very good) but, the seller hadn't even bothered putting them in a box yet. i wrote to them saying, why haven't you shipped? well they'r ein school, ok i understand that. but, you are required to ship them! take 20 min and throw them in a box, ship them, boom done. ya know...i finally went over to ross 3 blocks away, got some BEAUTIFUL panasonic headphones, oh no complaints!! point is - make sure you don't need something from this seller right away.
I have a Dell XPS M1210 exactly what this battery is supposed to be for and sure enough, out of the box it does not work.  Noted greasy fingerprints on the battery so it's been out of the package before and probably not new.  Have been through a couple batteries from Dell, both the extended and the original battery...I am not going to fool with my bios as some have suggested...may take it to a friend to look at it...but as far as I can tell, this battery doesn't work and I wonder if it ever did...and I also wonder about the nasty greasy fingerpints on it.Anyway, contacted the seller, waiting for reply.  Shipping was quick, and included were a return envelope and shipiing label - kinda tells me that they knew it wasn't going to work in the first place.  Very disappointed.EDIT:  Got several calls from the vendor Techorbits (did they change their name?) - returned calls and got voice mail.  Offered to send me another battery for free if I changed my rating.  Didn't say they would send me a battery that worked for free, just another one.  Felt changing my review would be unethical or "paid" for so it stands where it's at.  Have ordered another battery from another vendor - with my fingers crossed that it will work.
This is now my third cowon unit see my other review for The Cowon A3 review.  I have owned this unit for now a little over 90 days.ProsLike everyone says beautiful picture can even read subtitles, very good sound and lots of storage.  Remote control very nice when hooked up to my entertainment system.  One plug end to hook up to Tv and entertainment system also nice can choose between Svideo or Component video and also choose between analog sound hook up or finally a digital coaxial for sound (5.1).  Looks great plugged in to the TV and sounds very good on my home theater system.  Picture viewer nice also and can do slide shows comic book read view ect. ect.  interface for control is OK not bad but not great either finger control can be used for main functions but for secondary like video selection on the bar or double tapping on the Microsoft CE system spotty at best.  Stencil control is usually 90-95% this only applies to double tapping otherwise 100% good.CONSHorrible battery life don't even think about getting even close to 7 hours of video or 12 hours of music.  Try Between 3 1/2 to 5 hours of video at best most people I see reviews on settle on about 4 to 4 1/2.  Mp3 time varies between 6 1/2 to maybe 9 if you are one of the lucky ones.Most probable reason for this shortened battery life is two factors one the software/Firmware combined with the excessive heat this will build up after using it for a couple of hours straight causing the CPU to work harder thus burning up more energy.  Sometimes after listing to music with screen off of course, for 3 to 4hrs my system will crash when trying to switch tasks like to main screen or picture viewer for instance quick pop sound and poof its off.  Firmware updates if you have the American version good luck none since sept 2008 Korean version 3 major updates since that time Ps can't use theirs either because incompatible because of they have live tv while we have WIFI trust me I have tried. So a firmware may or may not take care of this problem but we may never no since we don't seem to get the updates.Customer service from their company HA HA HA HA just review some of the so called help from their own company's community board.  Think about it they won't even give you a phone # just instant chat Ps look at their return/ repair policy they do their best not to help and to make it difficult as possible ps you pay shipping to get it there.Wifi is an absolute joke harder than heck to get on even when 2 feet from my tower and a 50 to 60 foot range when you finally do get on and the speed just watch that snail pass you buy fortunately I don't care about this not the reason I bought it but others should know in case this is important to youPro/ConVideo Codec support still better than anyone else BUT.... No MKV like on their A3 model WHY???? also does not support AC3 2.64 audio so no real point to the digital Sound cable if it can't read hi def audio LAME.But it still does AVI,OGM and you can get mkv support thru third party but you will have to do a Hacked version of that software to load it on to the system don't believe the third party seller it will install on your windows wince device it WILL NOT but you can and heres how.  I did this only thanks to the company's CUSTOMER support forum no not the company's reps but their customers helping out customers and giving reviews and advice.  You will find them to be more knowledgeable and helpful 75% the time over their own reps this does not just apply to the aftermarket stuff but everything.  Cowon should have just included the MKV support from the start just like the A3 model.Summary Despite the beautiful screen and good sound and the ability to hook directly to Tv or Entertainment center this will be my LAST Cowon.  I will take my chances sometime in the futrue with The Archos Android estimated release date some time June to July 2009. or hopefully another manufacture who is willing to step up to the plate who has a better customer service record and more solid name behind the product who will give us MKV & Avi support along with the high tech and high end features that many of us crave coupled with a good promised battery life they will stand behind.Overall star rating 2 1/2 to 3 until they fix the issues if they do I will update.Thank you for reading this, You have been warned.
As other reviewers have also stated, I did NOT receive the "twist" style connectors. I got crimp-on connectors. This is not to say these terminals are bad, but they are different than pictured. It is my guess that the seller has both types and just tosses in whatever is on hand at the time. I am fine with this style, but others may not be. These seem to be the best value for pin-style terminals, which are easier to use with older equipment as opposed to twisting or tinning the wire. The overall quality of both types are most likely identical.
This unit arrived in a non-working condition from the seller.  After several phone calls with Dakota Alert, I had to send this directly to Dakota Alert for repairs, which was covered under Dakota's Warranty. They replaced the sensor board. The unit that was sent to me had a bad sensor board.  I have to wonder if I was sent a malfunctioning unit ? or if there are troubles with the Dakota system overall. The unit was repaired and sent back to me from Dakota Alert promptly. Not happy.  This is the second of two transmitters from the same seller that did not work.  Both now repaired by Dakota.Update:  now that the units have been repaired by Dakota Alert they are working just fine but it cost me S/H and I have to wonder about the condition they were in from the seller.  This is the second set from the seller that had to be fixed.  Four Star **** for Dakota Alert.  One Star * for reseller.
The cable works well with high quality,though the price is higher than i expected,anyway, the quality is the first place.By the way, the service from the seller is wondeful, fast delivery and item arrived in good condition. good job! will definitely buy again and recommend it for a try!
I bought this cable $3 with free shipping from the US. This is for my camera the Canon 60DCanon is selling the HDMI cable for $50Canon HTC-100 Mini-HDMI Cable for Canon HD CamcordersSo for $3 I'm thrilled the cable works like a charm with my 60D. My TV is compatible with HDMI-CEC and I can control my camera with the TV remote control.There are a lot of sellers on Amazon selling this item (70 at the time I'm writing this review). Check that the seller you're buying from is sending from the US. In my case, I bought from Cmple and I received my cable in 3 days (shipped from NY). A lot of the sellers for this cable send from China and you should expect 3 weeks for delivery.
I had a problem with the first cable but the seller replaced it right away free of charge. the cable works well and its as simple as plug-in and you are ready to go for my tablet.
I bought this hoping as everyone else that it would be a cheap way to add more inputs to home theater set up. This thing did not work in any configuration with any number of wires that I knew were working. I actually bought it new on ebay. The seller is simply refunding my money as he does not even carry this worthless piece of plastic anymore. I am hoping somewhat similar looking the Nyrius SW100 Digital Audio Optical Toslink 3 Input Selector Switch I ordered from Amazon works. The good reviews for the Nyrius gives me hope. Can't wait to try it. But don't buy this digital optical switch. I had worse luck than even some of the worst reviews for it.
i bought this cable specifically so it would look as inconspicuous as possible. round, black hdmi cable against a flat, white background isnt exactly subtle, so this flat, white cable was probably my best option. worked out great. and it shipped very quickly. its not through amazon, but it still only took two days to arrive. i was very pleased. maybe i live near the seller or something.
The seller sent the product on time and properly packed;the price is also good.Only the connection in the female doesn't precisely matchthe regular 3.5 when it is set allthe way in because in that position it gives only mono.Instead, to receive stereo I had to find the right positionwhich leaves a gap of 2 inches of the 3.5 male exposed.This way I had to hold it with a clip. I can live with that for the price.The fm radio reception is made better on my phone since these 2 inches areout (the audiojack works as fm radio antenna)
I purchased this adapter for my cell phone. It works well but it does not seat properly with the protective case on the phone. Other than that it is a good product. I would recommend purchasing from the seller. Next time,I will buy a phone with the 3.5mm input on it to avoid having to use an adapter.
I needed a right angle adapter, so it wouldn't stick straight out and risk being snapped off.  This little cable looked perfect, so I bought 2 of them.  Unfortunately, neither were very good.It differs from the photo.  The photo features a 3-pin connector (left audio, right audio, and ground).  However, the cable I received has a 4-pin connector.  The ground is split into two smaller sections.  I would guess that this is so that it can work with headsets (which have a mic) in addition to headphones.  However, all I needed was headphones.The cable also doesn't make good contact.  It easily loses audio out of one side, when bumped.  If the cable is moved at all, you can hear scratches in the audio.  It just seems to be poorly made, and not sized within tolerance.  I know it's not a problem with the device I'm plugging it into, because my other adapter (which unfortunately sticks straight out) works perfectly and makes great solid contact.This product is considered "generic" by Amazon, which is unfortunate, because both high quality and low quality cables will be grouped together into the same product, and it's difficult to know which is which, because all the different vendors get blurred together.  If not for the small price I paid, I'd feel ripped off.This particular cable was shipped from Singapore, from a package marked "cellularfactory.com" but otherwise with no address (just the generic return address of the shipping service, "Airpak Express", not the actual seller of this item).  It arrived about a month after I had ordered it.  Took a long time to arrive, and came weeks after everything else in my order.  The shipper also marked the customs form as "Gift", which is technically illegal, but rarely enforced (if it were, Customs could have seized my shipment and I would have never received it).Rating 2 stars because the cable technically works, although it's essentially unusable because it's so easy to disrupt the audio whenever it's bumped slightly.
Product is supposed to work with 4 ring 5/32 phone and then go to a 3/32 jack.Do to production issues, I bought 3 of them. Some plug in all of the way and I get one channel, some I have to pull out or there is no sound.None of the 3 work in my phone. All 3 plug in to various depths, Quality Control anyone.This is not a complaint against the seller yet the description is false regarding how this works. Quality control is not here!These are not worth the money to ship them back. I will look for more accurate seller descriptions in the future.In the past I had bought from this Company and the products worked as described, not today.
This non-stereo design produces sound in only one of two earbud headphones.The seller must have gotten stuck with a batch of factory rejects.
VX10000/voyager and others. It's inexpensive, it works, and with an extended battery there's no need to use an mp3 player other than the cell phone. Of course you have to pick and choose which headphones/buds you want, but seriously, this is a really great deal.I bought 3. One for me, one for the wife, one for one of the kiddos. I would want to buy from this seller again for whatever they have that I can use.The latest winamp syncs perfectly (on linux the kiddos, yes the kiddos use amorok) so it's perfect.The best part of buying one of these is that you constantly keep your cell charged and get a high-capacity battery.If you are using music to work out (biking, gym, watch videos on planes, etc.) why buy an apple product? Use your own cell phone you already have.
I got this item shipped by Lucky [ http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/seller/at-a-glance.html?ie=UTF8&isAmazonFulfilled=0&orderID=105-1888341-3373063&marketplaceSeller=1&seller=A25CE0R7NUAYCW ] and it is exactly what is described. It is a STEREO only headphone adapter. It is NOT a headset adapter. It will not work with a microphone. I know that sometimes it appears that they ship 4 conductor adapters, the item listing is not for a 4 conductor adapter, it is for a 3 conductor adapter. Left/Right/Ground. It is slightly cheap feeling and doesn't seem to be particularly well made, but it is as described and it works completely fine as a headphone adapter.
I purchased this for use with a new Uniden cordless phone and a Jabra headset.  The plug that goes into the phone only works when you pull the plug about halfway out.  Problem is, it doesn't stay plugged in halfway so you have to gingerly hold it in place...yeah, like that's going to happen.The up side of this is that I'm only out 92 cents (seriously...how does the seller make any money?).  The down side is I had to wait close to 2 weeks for shipping from China.  And now I have to go out to Radio Shack or some place to find one that works.Oh well.
item number: SDMSM2-004G. The seller shipped this item very quickly. Works great with my sony ericson C905. Great price, I shopped around, even checked the "cheaper" no name brands from other websites and this one was cheaper-and did not have to wait three weeks-(CHINA). If I need another one I not hesitate to buy from this seller on amazon.Mahalos Ikaikanuiloa
Got The Video Quad Splitter On Jan 8 2014 .Work Great. The User Manual Was A Little Fuzzy .Hook Up The Processor To My CCTV Single Camera VHS Recorder Work Good Recording 3 Camera At Once. Is Nice. Have Not Try The VCR Hook Up . But Im Sure It Will Be Nice Ad On For Back Up. Every Thing The Seller Said About The Splitter Is Sweet. Hook Up Was A Little Corn Fuse But Went Well .Took The Montor Out On The Processor And Feed The Line Into The Single Camera CCTV Recorder Use The Montor Out To View All Three Camera .Only Record One Channel At One Time .Or You Can Record Four At Once .The Side By Side And The PIP Work Great Also. You Can View One Pip Or Two .The Side By Side View Is Nice .The Picture A Little Long But Good. Once You Get It Up And Running And Hook Up The Way You Like . You Should Have No Trouble Fig Out The Rest .The Remote Is Nice It Took Awhile To Fig It Out Every Thing Went Well The Zoom Works Too Good If ou Got A Good Camaera You Can Read The Plates Numbers On Your Car Nice And Clear .The Auto Sequence Is Nice For Viewing All The Camera One At A Time .The Motion Setup Is A Must And Work With What I Have Running On The Quad Splitter . It Loaded With Alot Of Sweet Extra .It A Nice Little Package. Money Well Spent .This Is The One Everyone Needs I Give You FIVE STARS FOR A SWEET Product .
Quick service. Nicely packaged. Excellent value. Works like a charm. Now I have an extremely mobile SD photo card reader that is a 8 gig storage device for other data as well. No device software required...pure plug-n-play on any computer with a USB 2.0 port. This unit will handle any size card too, so one is not cramped by the 4 gig threshold of earlier card reader technology. The reader has an internal light that lets you know when it's connected properly and pulses when in use, so you have a visual reference when data is being transferred. Highly recommend the merchandise and the seller.Satisfied customer,H. WoodDurham NC
I don't know why, but I was stupidly transferring my camera RAW files (yes all 3000 of them) through a usb connection with my camera. Sometimes it would take several hours to upload a wedding's set and it got old after a year or two. I finally did some research and found this little guy. For the price, I couldn't pass it up. It has CHANGED MY LIFE!! I upload photos in a snap! The most time it's taken has been 10 minutes and that was a maxed out 32GB CF card. The only reason why I nabbed one star from the durability is because it's extremely lightweight and thin, which is somewhat of a good thing (especially for traveling), but the plastic seems a little cheap and I'm a bit worried it will break on me if it gets smashed in my bag. But for the price, replacing it won't break the bank...Also,super fast shipping! Great seller :)
I bought an Ambico V-0552 in great condition at a yard sale.  The quick release plate was missing.  I searched carefully since reviews from various buyers for several other releases was poor.  One buyer review for this item stated they had an Ambico V-0553 and they liked everything about it.  I am very happy with this product, it fits perfectly, it is a good quality and the price was right.Thank you seller!
We are very pleased with this bag, I got it for my wife's tripod which is not a really large tripod so this bag takes care of it very nicely.  It's ease of getting the tripod in and out of the bag is great and the shoulder strap is great.  I received the package ahead of schedule and the quality looks great is not heavy to carry so it works great for a little wife with a small tripod.  I would recommend Amazon, the seller as well as the product and delivery service.  Worked out great for us.
It doesn't last more than a few hours. I purchased both batteries that were recommended on the Amazon web site. They were identical but had different prices. The seller told me that they are researching the problem.
I bought this for my Rode Videomic. Shipped way sooner than I would have expected, and shipped the right cable. This cable is a bit hard to find on Amazon, so I was happy to find it at an inexpensive price. Great seller to have shipped it in the time they did (standard shipping).
Awesome!!  Best purchase I have made on Amazon!  Quality workmanship on these cases and brackets!  Huge!  I tell you HUGE!  They make any security cam look like a big professional setup!  Makes you feel as if Big Brother is watching!  Due to the shipping being on time, tons of bubble wrap on product, and getting what I paid for with no problems.  I will give this seller my highest recommendation!Update:10/20/2013I will confirm that they shake in the wind!  This is no big deal for me!  Luckily I own a welder and will be adding a second bracket.  This still is a great deal!  I am still going to be buying 4 more! Very Happy!
Hi,This product didn't work for me.  The seller refunded my money and appears to have good integrity by standing behind his/her product.
The product is good, but it did not work on my laptop because I needed a Male to female adapter.I know it's not the fault of seller so I gave him a 5 star, but I recommend buying a usb mouse with all included.
Works as expected and at a great price. No errors and no issues with this item. Works exactly as I need to it to work and the seller was great also.
The package was received ahead of time.  Very good quality with no problems -- everything works as it should.  I oould recommend this seller and theproduct to anyone.
I have burned 6 DVDs from this batch and *all* of them have a significant amount of errors (even with different speeds). None of the burned DVDs can be played in a regular DVD player without errors, hickups etc.Earlier I used verbatim DVDs with the same burner and with those other batches I never had errors.I use KProbe to check the quality of the burn and with this batch it's always awful. PI is consistently over 277 (which makes the disc useless).UPDATE 3/17/2009: I forgot to mention that quickly after the sale I notified the seller and asked them how to return the disks. They responded quickly but I was too busy to actually send the disks back. They refunded my money nevertheless. Excellent service!
This disk is a great replacement for the Memorex Disks used with the LightScribe system.  The Verbatim Disk works and looks great, and we highly recommend them.  Order received as promised and we will purchase from the seller again.
Shipping was surprisingly fast from the seller.  I bought it used, but the product was as described, in working order.  Because there were no drivers or discs included, I had to go online and look for the drivers and instructions to install it onto my wifi network.  It wsa a little of a hassle, but manageable.  It only has one Ethernet port, which for future purchases, newer gaming bridges may now have 4 ports to extend the capabilities to be able to add not only your gaming console but your blu ray, your smart tv, etc.  From reading up on this gaming adapter, what sets it apart was the ability to manage QoS (quality of service or signal), it bounces back and forth between the dual bands to get the max bandwidth.  So far it's living up to the promises, next is for me to upgrade my broadband internet at home.  Solid product.
What can I say? I connect one end to my laptop and one end to my HDTV and I get great sound and picture! The key thing in buying this was finding someone's review that said the audio cord is 18" long, because my VGA plug-in on the laptop is on the back while the audio (headphone) plug-in is in the front, and this 18" length was indeed long enough to reach. It seems the seller of this item keeps changing, so hopefully everyone keeps selling this same version.
Have been using Transcend 8GB class 6 for a couple of years w/o any problems. Read that their reader is one of the fastest, so I ordered 16GB with the reader. Wanted the one shown in the pic with metal tip, so ordered from Thememstore for a couple bucks more than directly from Amazon. Oops, received all plastic... Works really fast (faster than class10 card with generic USB2) but the reader won't last on the field trips.Was planning to return aand trying to find the right one on ebay. Contacted Thememstore and left on a 5 day trip. Came back home and to my surprise had a "metal" version in my mail free of charge. Thanks!!! Recommend the seller!Amazon, please update the pic!!!
I bought this to use it with P.O.S. credit card readers (most don't fit my phone while it has a case on), and I made sure it was a four-pole connector. Although the seller did give me a full refund without question, my cable didn't work at all with any of the CC readers I have.
One problem with the way these 3rd party listings are done is that one seller can create a page and then another seller can jump on and list their product under the same listing, even if it isn't the same exact brand or quality. You also have the original creator of the page change the quality of their product at some point and leave it under the same listing. This is done for a variety of reasons, not all of which are nefarious.We buy a lot of different electronics for different businesses, so we have ordered many times from different sellers under the same listing. And since Amazon will not differentiate reviews based on the actual seller, we are going to try and collect reviews of items from specific sellers. If we ordered the item, we will note it. If we collect the information from another reviewer, we will note that as well. Lastly, we'll put the date of the purchase or posting of the original review. Hopefully this will help buyers under this listing determine the proper item AND seller to purchase.The star rating will go up or down based on how many good or bad products show up overall.Important Note: It is still possible that a seller may change their product at any time, even after a review is posted, so keep that in mind. You are most likely to receive the product matching the review if order one that is FULFILLED BY AMAZON. This is because sellers will generally send in large quantities to the Amazon warehouse at one time.2/14 Seller: Ally-UW - Ordered by us. Bulk packaging White polybagged. Power: 19.5V 4.62A 90W. Connector: 7.4mm x 5.0mm (Straight). Length from AC Adapter to laptop connector: 45 inches. 2 Prong power cable included (36 inches). This product tested fine. Would have preferred a 3 prong power cable, but overall it's recommended.2/14 Seller: TTYY - Ordered by us. Bulk packaging White polybagged. Power: 19.5V 4.62A 90W. Connector: 7.4mm x 5.0mm (Straight). 2 Prong power cable. This product tested fine. Would have preferred a 3 prong power cable, but overall it's recommended.
I plugged this cable into my PS3's USB port and my controller.EVERY time I pressed ANY button on the controller,the "Controller has been disconnected" screen would pop up on the tv.I then disconnected the cable from my controller...and THE CABLE SHOCKED ME!! WTF!!This is just damn dangerous if its a young kid using the cable..Im glad it zapped me & not someones child.Im beyond pist.This hopefully didnt fry my PS3 USB port AND/OR the controller.Ive demanded my $$ back from the seller BlueMall.Im still waiting for a reply.Learned my lesson with trying non-SONY products.BUYERS AND PROSPECTIVE BUYERS BEWARE!!!!
This product came as described but is NOT FOR USE WITH THE PS3 CONTROLLERS. I should have read the description more carefully before purchasing the item, because I needed one for my ps3. What was misleading was that other reviewers said that it works for their ps3 and that is false. This is a great product for all the uses it describes. I contacted the seller and told them my mistake and they refunded me. Very good customer service.
Good quality product that popped right into my 50-inch Panasonic LCD TV without any issues; and the seller -- StoreFrontOutlet -- was very quick with the delivery on this lamp which was available at a very good price.  I would definately buy from them again.
As my title says, I bought a used HF100 from a private seller.He included in the deal:* Canon WD-H37 II Wide Conversion Lens* HF100 Remote control* All the required cables + an HDMI cable for the HF100* 3 extra Canon OEM batteries* 16GB SD card* Canon CG-800 Lithium Ion Battery Charger (not the charger with the cord)* Hoodman HD-300 Video Camcorder HoodNot a bad deal at all for a few bucks over $400!!  And the HF100 performs like a champ. The previous owner took real good care of it.  No blemishes at all on the HF100.I've only had it a few days and I've shot some test vids.  Converted the mts files using TMPGEnc 4.0 XPress.  Results are very good, but takes a while for the conversion to complete.I may have given the HF100 5 stars, but I've only had it a few days.  I will reevaluate my rating when I have more experience using it. The only cons that I have now are less than desired battery life and the time it takes to convert the mts files... but I knew about the conversion requirements prior to purchasing.  So no big deal.  If you want true HD from a camcorder, you need to figure in the time required for the conversion process prior to purchasing a Canon HD camcorder.  Be sure your PC's guts can handle that conversion process without hiccups.  And for true HD to be viewed on your home video setup, be sure to have a BlueRay burner and player, and of course a TV that can view HiDef.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------After using this camcorder for almost a month, I've increased my original rating from 4-stars to 5-stars.  I really like this camcorder.  I've done indoor and outdoor videos and I've learned how to use this camcorder in the various lighting environments and get great results.
I purchased this camcorder from a 3rd party seller on Amazon and was amazed at the lightening fast shipping!  This was my first camcorder as up until now I hadn't seen a need for them.Wow, great camcorder!  Color is absolutely beautiful (wine) and size is smaller than a can of Pepsi and really made to fold into your hands (I have small hands).  I loved the flash drive and recording was pretty simple, although I did read the manual pretty thoroughly.I was a bit unimpressed by the lens cover--when the unit powered on, I didn't get that nice "powered" movement I'm used to with my digital cameras.  I'm not sure if it's a camcorder thing or just due to the low price of the FS100, Canon cut corners to save a few $$$.  That was only a small thing.The features on the camera was cool.  I used another reviewer's advice on recording in low light by setting the TV differently.  It slowed down movement, but I did get a higher light.  Not sure if this would have been irritating in the future.  I like the cartoon image recording and also the fact that I could record in black and white.  I would have liked to see more recording features like I see in my digital camera.  For instance, I love recording in "my colors" on my Canon.  Though gimmicky, it's a cool feature when you have a camera in someone's face!  :-)  Then again, I may have missed it.  I noticed the manual kept harping over things that seemed pretty easy, but I had to keep flipping pages to find the features that weren't easily accessible.  Again, maybe a user error.Downloading files was also simplistic.  As soon as I plugged the Transcend reader in my Macbook, iMovie started and asked if I wanted to import the files.  I was impressed by the ease of it all.In the end:  I did send the camera back.  Not due to the camcorder's setbacks, but just the fact that I'm not ready to lug around a video camera all the time.  I absolutely love taking pictures and can't see myself jugging both a good camera and good video cam trying to see how to capture the right moment.
My acer had a cpu set with screws, so I was caught off guard that this thing had pop on plastic clips.  I removed my motherboard to remove adapter and then set about popping the new heat sink on...what a farce.  Not one of intel's better ideas.  In the end just reused my old heat sink.  Since installing the cpu the computer &#34;binds up&#34; from time to time and takes minutes to catch up with itself.  I have noticed that at times core temp runs a little warm.  But I am not sure if it has to do with the heat sink, the western digital green hard drive not moving fast enough, the power supply not providing enough juice. or what the hell is going on. For the E8500 I would have to say I am not yet impressed, however tor the seller I say thank you.  You delivered quickly and item was in stated condition.
Really enjoying the new Quad-Core processor! Huge upgrade from my old E6600 dual core.. Also the seller did a great job of shipping it! I received it faster than expected, so I am satisfied with the purchase.
Arrived quickly. Had to move a HUGE heavy file cabinet and desk so I could fish the cable down then up to another room. Luckily I tried the cable before I fished it, IT DID NOT WORK! Moved the HEAVY desk and file cabinet back and will toss the $3.01 mistake.  Granted, I have not contacted the seller, not necessarily their fault, the cables are cheap and probably have a high failure rate and not worth the hassle of contacting, returning, etc, etc.
Installed flawless, upgraded a four year old HP quadcore from 2 gigs of ram stock.Not much to say, seller was amazing and stood behind a lost product.Can not go wrong and now my pc flies !
Good seller, fast service, would recommend highly.  The unit worked as advertised and was recognized by the USB immediately.  Under MY COMPUTER, it shows like any external hard drive would show.  Works with laptop and desktop hard drives.
This SATA to ESATA cable works very well.  It is well made and has the metal plates on one side, which is the only difference between SATA and SATA II cables.  SATA II is twice as fast as the original SATA.  300 mbps vs 150 mbps.Who needs it?  Two classes of people.  One that has an external SATA II drive with a SATA connection, not an ESATA.  True, it makes no sense, but I bought a used high quality External SATA II Drive off of Craigs---- from a seller who did not mention the fact.  He even tossed in an ESATA cable, but the drive, for some unknown reason uses an external SATA connection in the "L" shape, not the straight ESATA connection.  My PC connections are all ESATA, so I needed this hybrid.  This 3 foot cable gives me enough room to vary the location a little.  The other cable I found locally, 1.5 feet in length doesn't.The other type of person is a tech, who should have this cable in case they run into a situation like mine.  Remember, you can't order it quickly without a lot of postage.  Or, you could ask the person to return in a week...
Great looking and useful camera bag for my pentax 10d, would recommend highly, great doing business with seller and would not hesitate in doing business again.
nice thanks for being nice seller in amazon and making me happy thanks a lots but sometime when i buy something they just send me ugly thing and i dont like it so thing is really nice i like it thanks
Shipment received in a timely manner. All items listed in the seller's description were received "new" as described.The photo submitted by the seller for this item contains a Memory Stick Pro Duo Card; however, there was not one included in the package I received. This was deceiving, and misleading. There was however, a USB Memory stick included in the package as pictured with the seller's description.The seller's description states a MSRW-MD1/P Memory Stick Duo Adaptor is included; however, there was not one included in the package I received. This is also deceiving. Otherwise - the camera and all other accesories were received new and in great working condition.
There are so many wireless mice available that are so much better than the 7000, that I'm embarrassed to even admit I own one. You'll have problems from the beginning with the battery being too small to connect with the terminals. So the thing won't even charge to begin with. I bought a rechargeable energizer battery that at least charged. Even so the mouse was very choppy sliding across my mouse pad, so I bought a 3M laser mouse pad. That helps a bit, but it's still not smooth sledding. I finally tossed it after doing battle for a couple months. I could have gotten a few dollars on eBay but didn't want to risk my top seller status, plus I wouldn't wish this worthless mouse on anyone. I've had nothing but great success with the Microsoft 2.4ghz bluetrack laser mouse. That works flawlessly, and holds the charge for weeks with constant use. This is a great example where the newer model can't hold a candle to the previous version.
I can't really review this mouse as I never used it.  That's because I bought it thinking it was a Bluetooth device.  That's because Amazon listed it as an option when I searched for "Bluetooth mouse" -- silly me !Fortunately, the seller, Computer Geeks, understood and gave me a full refund without a complaint.
I couldn't make this tuner work. There were no directions included but it seemed pretty straight forward. I wrote the manufacturer they were no help at all. I hooked it up to a CRT monitor, it scanned for about 20 minutes and found 3 stations I think. My Tv gets six and my Tv converter box gets 26 with the same antenna. It's hard to tell since none were clear enough to watch. The sound was terrible. The reception was like UHF with no UHF antenna. While at the same time in the same spot my antenna reception for both my Tv and my converter box is excellent. When I wrote to the seller they answered and agreed to take it back. They also educated me to the difference between ATSC-non-digital broadcast, which this device is, and NTSC which is digital. I'm astonished they are still marketing a product that will be obsolete in a matter of weeks. Beware!
I needed a new lens for my Canon T4I, so I ordered this one.  I came pretty quickly and I must say that the lense was practically brand new.  It works great and works on my T5I as well.  I would definitely buy from this seller again.Adan
I have just started to take photographing little seriously. And got my self a t3i with 18-55 IS II lens. However, taking pictures of animals and birds are not that easy with 18-55 for it's limited range, so I bought this one after a little research on other cheaper alternative, and I am glad that I went with this one. I am still experimenting with it as it's been only two weeks so far. Without tripod I was able to frame a few good good pictures as the built in stabilizer did a very good job. I will keep you updated as I get more time with it. Please buy this item from a reputed seller, I will recommend to get it from amazon.com instead of market place seller, even though you will be paying a little extra but, I can guarantee that worth it as I heard many measurable stories of getting counterfeit lens and used one from the marketplace sellers.Update:(01/03/2013) It's been little more than two months since I bought the camera and the lens, because of the cold weather haven't got much chances to shoot outside. However while shooting a few indoor photo found out the auto-focus was taking little time, same thing happened to the other lens too(18-55mm), therefore, I think it's not the lens but the camera. I don't like to use auto focus feature as it doesn't give me the confident that I need. Over all I am still happy with the both camera and lens. I only regret that a few of my friends were able to buy the camera packaged with both lens only a month after I bought and saved more than 150 dollars. Well am still happy for them :P
Did you ever want to shoot someone or some animal?  You can shoot people and animals near and far, with them standing alone or in crowds (candid), sunny or cloudy, day or night, with this one lens.  This slightly soft lens actually improves the appearance of people.  And the Image Stabilizer lets me get great pictures even at 250mm with a shutter speed of 60.  I have an excellent shot of my dog outside at night, 250mm, shutter speed set at 30. (Okay, so I was leaning against a wall the night I shot Sadie)By the way, I purchased the lens used, in like new condition, from a seller on Amazon.  Saved more than 50 bucks.
I was a little worried about ordering a used lens.  But it was flawless!  Looks and acts new!  The shipper also included a hand written note wishing me happy picture taking!  Honestly the first time I can say that I've ever seen that!  There is no doubt in my mind, that this seller would go above and beyond to make sure you were satisfied.
These Phillips DVD-R did not work in any of my two DVD writers. One is a Dell the other a HP. I did receive a full refund, and will definately use the seller again. But no more Phillips DVD-R for me. I will stick with Verbatim products. they have always worked for me.
Both this cable and seller are incredible.  You can practically add a zero to the price if you buy this in your neighborhood store.  Get this from this seller instead.  It works fantastic on our Sony Bravia HDTV.
The CD/DVD enclosure works great and was recognized instantly by windows 7.  It works flawless with an old DVD Drive I pulled from my dead laptop.  The shipping was super fast from the seller.  I would highly recommend buying from this seller.  I will do business with them again if I have the opportunity.  Thanks for the fast shipping and great product.
The rating is not for the item but for what  the seller did:Ordered thought them a &#34;CONDITION: NEW&#34; as it says on the invoice, Western Digital HDD 250GB. When I opened the box after receiving the first thing I noticed was the static bag sticker was not sticking correctly as if it was open before. The screw holes on the drive itself looked used so I hooked up the unit into a USB bay and ran CrystalDiskInfo to check the drives smart information. To my suprise the drive has been powered up nearly 4,000 times. I double checked my findings with the Western Digital website under the warranty section and it showed the drive was out of warrant over 1 year ago. Shame on you!!! I did contact them and am waiting for a response regarding this matter. I will follow up.
These headphones do indeed sound amazing and fit comfortably. After 6 months the cable has already developed issues where I only get sound from both sides if it's positioned a certain way. I've treated these better than a stepson. The repair process involves mailing it off to a third party repair center. Repairs are only free if the seller was an "authorized dealer" of which you can not find a list anywhere. I really expected better than this.
I got my Beyer DT-990 Pro model nearly three weeks ago and I spent just an over an hour combing through my favorite albums and music to see what these babies can do. I understand that I'm posting the review in the premium model page, but it applies just as well since the differences are mostly physical and the old model will soon be unavailable for purchase. It also gives people a little more insight into the sound that Beyerdynamic can offer since there are few reviews for this headphone compared to the more popular Senheisser, Audio Technica and Grado.They definitely clamp down and the look of the headphones is pretty unique compared to the grado, senn and koss design that I'm used to. The velour cups make this one of the most comfortable headphones I've had the pleasure of trying, the leather pad is pretty good and the metal pieces that provide clamping force are black and sleek. I had no idea the cable would be coiled just like my Audio Technica M50, but it's a welcome feature since I hate dragging long cords across the ground. It also has a 1/4" plug that screws on just like the M50. With that stuff settled I can move on to the sound.These are most definitely not cans for the faint of heart and hearing. They pack a massive amount of energy and it gives every piece of music I hear a distinct edge that makes me feel like my brain is in a sword fight with my own music. This is not a bad quality at all. It gives electronic music and rock music a distinct feel, but it's not for everyone. The treble is sharp and it comes without warning when high frequency notes and instruments come into play.One sound quality that I have not given any thought since I first bought my SR60(my introduction to good audio) is instrument separation. I got my first taste of it with those phones and it blew my mind away. It's definitely present in the M50, but the Beyers without any burn in whatsoever take the cake in this quality. It managed to reveal chirps, chimes, drums, hums and EVEN MARACAS(on one of my favorite songs no less). It's definitely on another level when it comes to revealing details and giving each and every one of them the time and space to shine.The midrange is something I don't have much experience with. I have not listened to my Shure E500PTH in a while and they've got the best midrange presentation of any of my audio equipment. When compared to the M50 I wouldn't say that I'm missing out terribly on midrange so I wouldn't avoid the Beyers on this note when the price is so close to the M50.The part I really wanted to talk about is the bass on these babies. It's honestly the greatest set of cans that I've ever had the pleasure of hearing in this department. It goes deep(think 20,000 leagues under the sea kind of deep) and it'll rattle your skull. An album with high production values will literally have you peeling back layers on the low end that you've never heard before and then some. The M50 cannot even begin to compare to the power that these phones pack in this area.To sum it all up, I'd say that these phones are for those people who know that they've got the chops to handle sharp sound and a powerful base. My head is still shaking a bit because I literally went an hour straight using my receiver and ipod until it nearly ran out of power(I was almost out of power after several recharges while they ran for 200 hours in the closet). They are definitely the BEST deal out right now in the sub $200 range for anyone who has the means to power the 250ohm+ versions, but I definitely have to stress that they are in that mid-high range of quality. You'll see yourself spending nearly $400 and over to find sound and power of this quality.Edit: Before I let you guys get into the nitty gritty aspects of this headphone I thought I might add something. The first headphone I got from the seller broke within two weeks and I had to send them in for a replacement. This kind of thing happens to the best of products so I decided I would not let it get in the way of my overall score. I've put both the replacements and old headphones through at least 150 hours of burn in time and the replacements sound just as good as my first Beyerdynmic DT990Pro.Edit#2: One thing that I should have talked about is how much power these headphones need to be driven properly. They definitely require an amp to sound their best, but they'll work perfectly fine if they are plugged into a decent receiver. The sound is definitely not as smooth, much muddier and very tiny when you are listening through an ipod or a laptop with no Amp or DAC(Digital to analog converter). You'd be much better off sticking to low impedance headphones(32-50 Ohm headphones that can be easily driven by normal ipods and laptops). If you've got the equipment to drive them I can't imagine any better headphones for the $300 and below.
Looks awesome bought it for my new lexus IS250 2009 and works great with aux. Remote  fits on the wheel perfectly and looks simply great. Perfect for IPHONE 3G and it give extra talk time! no problems yet...i would certainly recommend my friends and relatives to buy, seller send the item on time! Overall satisfied!